id    url                                                           visited  created_at  page_title                                                    last_visit  website_id  structured_text                                             
----  ------------------------------------------------------------  -------  ----------  ------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  ----------  ------------------------------------------------------------
4724  https://www.indeform.com/                                     1        2025-03-24  Indeform - Interactive technologies for eCommerce, Cloud sof  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Indeform - Interactive technologies for eCommerce
                                                                                         tware solutions, Artificial intelligence for Business & Digi                          , Cloud software solutions, Artificial intelligence for Busi
                                                                                         tal graphics                                                                          ness & Digital graphics", "li": ""}                         

4725  https://www.indeform.com/news                                 1        2025-03-24  Indeform - Interactive technologies for eCommerce, Cloud sof  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Indeform - Interactive technologies for eCommerce
                                                                                         tware solutions, Artificial intelligence for Business & Digi                          , Cloud software solutions, Artificial intelligence for Busi
                                                                                         tal graphics                                                                          ness & Digital graphics", "p": "Lately, museums have activel
                                                                                                                                                                               y explored and invested in digital tools as a visitor attrac
                                                                                                                                                                               tion strategy. XR technology is a powerful tool for improvin
                                                                                                                                                                               g exhibitions and transforming their conception, organizatio
                                                                                                                                                                               n, and audience engagement... With the rapid advancement of 
                                                                                                                                                                               technology, museums are becoming not only reflections of his
                                                                                                                                                                               tory but also creative laboratories of technology. VR, AR, a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd MR tools are offering new ways for visitors to interact w
                                                                                                                                                                               ith exhibits... Discover the dynamic world of education tran
                                                                                                                                                                               sformation through innovative teaching methods. Stay ahead b
                                                                                                                                                                               y examining future trends such as mobile learning and AI int
                                                                                                                                                                               egration. In today's world of innovation, promoting diversit
                                                                                                                                                                               y and inclusion is a fundamental aspect of the growth of the
                                                                                                                                                                                technology sector. By providing mentorship opportunities, w
                                                                                                                                                                               e can make strides towards empowering women to realize their
                                                                                                                                                                                full potential in Tech. In order to run your workforce effe
                                                                                                                                                                               ctively, it is important to recognize the obstacles your tea
                                                                                                                                                                               ms face in the process. After recognition, to get them back 
                                                                                                                                                                               on track as soon as possible, it is essential to know how yo
                                                                                                                                                                               ur team feels and what motivates them At this point in time,
                                                                                                                                                                                every business process is on the table for automation (BPA)
                                                                                                                                                                               , especially as technology becomes more sophisticated. Human
                                                                                                                                                                               s are starting to work with automated tools side-by-side, as
                                                                                                                                                                               sisting their day-to-day processes and tasks A happy custome
                                                                                                                                                                               r equals a successful and thriving business. One of the most
                                                                                                                                                                                popular ways to a happy customer\u2019s heart is through th
                                                                                                                                                                               e product customization. In this article, you\u2019ll find o
                                                                                                                                                                               ut what is customization, why it is important, and how to do
                                                                                                                                                                                it right. An intelligent energy storage data visualization,
                                                                                                                                                                                monitoring and control subsystem delivered to the Greensmit
                                                                                                                                                                               h Energy Management Systems Ruukki Rainwater system installa
                                                                                                                                                                               tion explainer video A touch-based, interactive game for you
                                                                                                                                                                               ng and old at the Raseiniai Museum An Interactive Attraction
                                                                                                                                                                                for Kids and Tourists \u2013 a Motion Controlled Animated l
                                                                                                                                                                               egendary Knight A magic Christmas show with an interactive t
                                                                                                                                                                               alking Santa Claus projection on a tower. This unique 3D CAD
                                                                                                                                                                                display designer is integrated with e-commerce product cata
                                                                                                                                                                               logs, checkout and shipping options Read about a SaaS platfo
                                                                                                                                                                               rm created to simplify the lead process of medical implant m
                                                                                                                                                                               anufacturing. An easy-to-read and control 3D heart surgery s
                                                                                                                                                                               imulator used for complex microsurgery planning and executio
                                                                                                                                                                               n. "}                                                       

4726  https://www.indeform.com/contact-us                           1        2025-03-24  Indeform - Interactive technologies for eCommerce, Cloud sof  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Indeform - Interactive technologies for eCommerce
                                                                                         tware solutions, Artificial intelligence for Business & Digi                          , Cloud software solutions, Artificial intelligence for Busi
                                                                                         tal graphics                                                                          ness & Digital graphics", "h2": "Call us Our office Email Us
                                                                                                                                                                                Company info"}                                             

4727  https://www.indeformdigital.com/                              1        2025-03-24  Animated 3D, 360, Augmented and Virtual Reality Product Visu  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Animated 3D, 360, Augmented and Virtual Reality P
                                                                                         alizations and Video Explainers, Post-production and VFX - I                          roduct Visualizations and Video Explainers, Post-production 
                                                                                         ndeform Digital                                                                       and VFX - Indeform Digital", "h2": "From an Idea to a Vision
                                                                                                                                                                               . From the Vision to an Experience. 3D animated product visu
                                                                                                                                                                               alizations and video explainers 3D / 360 / AR / VR ready vid
                                                                                                                                                                               eos Post-production and VFX", "alt": "Kaunas University of T
                                                                                                                                                                               echnology Kaunas University of Technology Vilnius Academy of
                                                                                                                                                                                Arts Vilnius Academy of Arts Ruukki Ruukki Systemair System
                                                                                                                                                                               air Salda Salda MP3 Agency MP3 Agency Lytagra Lytagra Dzukij
                                                                                                                                                                               os TV Dzukijos TV E\u017eer\u0117lio kult\u016bros centras E
                                                                                                                                                                               \u017eer\u0117lio kult\u016bros centras Vilnius Vilnius", "p
                                                                                                                                                                               ": "We will produce a visualization of your product and expl
                                                                                                                                                                               ain the complex processes of its usage in a simple and elega
                                                                                                                                                                               nt way. Starting from the development of an idea, script wri
                                                                                                                                                                               ting, production, audio recording to final rendering \u2013 
                                                                                                                                                                               we will take care of every aspect to achieve the best final 
                                                                                                                                                                               result. We will create immersive experiences by combining de
                                                                                                                                                                               tailed 3D graphics, augmenting the outcome on top of real vi
                                                                                                                                                                               deos and merging the elements into a breathtaking 360 to cre
                                                                                                                                                                               ate Virtual Reality ready visual content. We will unleash cr
                                                                                                                                                                               eativity and employ technical innovations to deliver composi
                                                                                                                                                                               ting, cleanup, 2D or 3D graphics and so much more for any pr
                                                                                                                                                                               oduction with the need for visual effects. We use creative i
                                                                                                                                                                               deas to explain product stories, engage audiences and inspir
                                                                                                                                                                               e them with exceptional digital visualizations. Have a look 
                                                                                                                                                                               at our work. Our little girl really enjoys these wonderful s
                                                                                                                                                                               ongs and fairy tales. She is dancing and singing each time s
                                                                                                                                                                               he watch it on Youtube AnimotukasTV channel. We are very ple
                                                                                                                                                                               ased with the audiovisual visualization of the straw gardens
                                                                                                                                                                               . The Indeform team has collaborated constructively, providi
                                                                                                                                                                               ng support and advice throughout the project. We will defini
                                                                                                                                                                               tely continue our cooperation. Real partnership starts from 
                                                                                                                                                                               professional advice and delivering transparent and measurabl
                                                                                                                                                                               e results. On time and on budget. We are proud of delivering
                                                                                                                                                                                a quality product that matters and leads to success. Teamin
                                                                                                                                                                               g up to light up ideas, unleash dreams, visions and magic. S
                                                                                                                                                                               ome details may be less important, but we strive to make the
                                                                                                                                                                               m close to perfection. Schematic medical visualizations of t
                                                                                                                                                                               he heart and kidneys for a scientific journal illustration P
                                                                                                                                                                               hoto-realistic 3D teeth visualization "}                    

4728  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/                          1        2025-03-24  Interactive Solutions for E-Commerce, Product customizers, 3  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Interactive Solutions for E-Commerce, Product cus
                                                                                         D Web Visualizations, Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Realit                          tomizers, 3D Web Visualizations, Virtual Reality (VR), Augme
                                                                                         y (AR), Interactive 360 expositions - Indeform Interactive                            nted Reality (AR), Interactive 360 expositions - Indeform In
                                                                                                                                                                               teractive", "h2": "Redefining Immersive 3D Experiences Inter
                                                                                                                                                                               active wall Interactive ball wall Educational virtual realit
                                                                                                                                                                               y (VR) applications and games Educational augmented reality 
                                                                                                                                                                               (AR) apps and games Interactive characters Interactive kiosk
                                                                                                                                                                                Interactive floors Interactive drawing Interactive sandboxe
                                                                                                                                                                               s Wheel of Fortune Interactive constructors", "alt": "Kaunas
                                                                                                                                                                                University of Technology Kaunas University of Technology Vi
                                                                                                                                                                               lnius Academy of Arts Vilnius Academy of Arts LPP Lithuania 
                                                                                                                                                                               LPP Lithuania Sinsay Sinsay Ruukki Ruukki Taurag\u0117s muzi
                                                                                                                                                                               ejus Taurag\u0117s muziejus Raseini\u0173 muziejus Raseini\u
                                                                                                                                                                               0173 muziejus Kaunas City Museum Kaunas City Museum Muscle B
                                                                                                                                                                               each Muscle Beach Publicum Events Publicum Events Ignalinos 
                                                                                                                                                                               kra\u0161to muziejus Ignalinos kra\u0161to muziejus Vilkavi\
                                                                                                                                                                               u0161kio rajono kult\u016bros centras muziejus Vilkavi\u0161
                                                                                                                                                                               kio rajono kult\u016bros centras muziejus Panev\u0117\u017ei
                                                                                                                                                                               o apskrities Gabriel\u0117s Petkevi\u010dait\u0117s-Bit\u011
                                                                                                                                                                               7s vie\u0161oji biblioteka Panev\u0117\u017eio apskrities Ga
                                                                                                                                                                               briel\u0117s Petkevi\u010dait\u0117s-Bit\u0117s vie\u0161oji
                                                                                                                                                                                biblioteka Lietuvos \u0161vietimo istorijos muziejus Lietuv
                                                                                                                                                                               os \u0161vietimo istorijos muziejus Panev\u0117\u017eio rajo
                                                                                                                                                                               no biblioteka Panev\u0117\u017eio rajono biblioteka", "p": "
                                                                                                                                                                               An interactive wall is an advanced visual interaction space 
                                                                                                                                                                               that responds to touch, movement, or gesture, allowing direc
                                                                                                                                                                               t interaction with projections and digital content. The solu
                                                                                                                                                                               tion is flexible and can be used in a wide range of learning
                                                                                                                                                                               , therapeutic, or recreational activities. The interactive w
                                                                                                                                                                               all creates a dynamic environment, giving the space a lively
                                                                                                                                                                                and contemporary feel. The interactive ball wall is an inno
                                                                                                                                                                               vative solution that combines physical activities with inter
                                                                                                                                                                               active technology. Digital reactions, animations, and sound 
                                                                                                                                                                               effects are triggered when the physical balls are thrown and
                                                                                                                                                                                collide with the interactive wall. The solution is designed
                                                                                                                                                                                to stimulate physical activity, reaction, and coordination 
                                                                                                                                                                               in educational or recreational activities. Virtual Reality (
                                                                                                                                                                               VR) apps and games create a unique opportunity to make learn
                                                                                                                                                                               ing an immersive experience. Utilizing tailored hardware, on
                                                                                                                                                                               e can enter an interactive three-dimensional environment to 
                                                                                                                                                                               simulate various learning scenarios. This is a unique way of
                                                                                                                                                                                presenting complex topics more simply and engagingly while 
                                                                                                                                                                               developing creativity, critical thinking, and practical skil
                                                                                                                                                                               ls. Augmented Reality (AR) apps and games combine digital co
                                                                                                                                                                               ntent with the real world, providing a unique experience of 
                                                                                                                                                                               exploring the surroundings. Thanks to augmented reality tech
                                                                                                                                                                               nology, real objects in the physical environment take an int
                                                                                                                                                                               eractive form on smart devices, allowing users to interact w
                                                                                                                                                                               ith virtual objects in real-time. The dynamic composition of
                                                                                                                                                                                real-time interactive characters creates a lively and immer
                                                                                                                                                                               sive event atmosphere. Using advanced motion capture technol
                                                                                                                                                                               ogy and background characters, 3D characters can interact wi
                                                                                                                                                                               th visitors, react to actions, speak, or answer questions. T
                                                                                                                                                                               he interactive avatar can be used in a wide range of locatio
                                                                                                                                                                               ns and environments - exhibitions, events, shopping malls, a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd even city festivals. An interactive kiosk is a modern com
                                                                                                                                                                               munication platform for presenting information interactively
                                                                                                                                                                               . Using interactive touchscreens and sensor systems, visitor
                                                                                                                                                                               s are able to actively engage with digital content, access i
                                                                                                                                                                               nformation, navigate virtual models, and take part in intera
                                                                                                                                                                               ctive games. Thanks to its flexibility, the solution can be 
                                                                                                                                                                               adapted to a wide range of educational or recreational activ
                                                                                                                                                                               ities. Interactive flooring is an innovative solution that c
                                                                                                                                                                               reates an immersive and active environment where visitors ca
                                                                                                                                                                               n interact with projected content by making movements on the
                                                                                                                                                                                floor. Using advanced motion recognition technology, the fl
                                                                                                                                                                               oor responds to every step, encouraging active participation
                                                                                                                                                                               . Interactive drawing involves advanced technology and creat
                                                                                                                                                                               ivity, allowing users to draw directly on the interactive sc
                                                                                                                                                                               reen using a finger or a special pen. Using sensitive sensor
                                                                                                                                                                               s and displays, each stroke becomes a digital work of art. T
                                                                                                                                                                               he service can be adapted to educational, therapeutic, and r
                                                                                                                                                                               ecreational spaces. Interactive sandboxes combine physical s
                                                                                                                                                                               and modeling with digital projections to explore and solve a
                                                                                                                                                                                variety of interactive games and tasks. Using advanced moti
                                                                                                                                                                               on sensors and projection systems, the sand comes alive as i
                                                                                                                                                                               t is shaped - changing colors, forming different objects, an
                                                                                                                                                                               d creating dynamic visuals. All this creates a unique educat
                                                                                                                                                                               ional platform where spatial perception, fine motor skills, 
                                                                                                                                                                               and teamwork are developed. The interactive Wheel of Fortune
                                                                                                                                                                                is a modern solution for actively engaging the audience and
                                                                                                                                                                                stimulating participation through playful elements. The cus
                                                                                                                                                                               tomizable design of the wheel and the prize system allow you
                                                                                                                                                                                to create an engaging experience that meets your business n
                                                                                                                                                                               eeds, offering the chance to win prizes, vouchers, or other 
                                                                                                                                                                               rewards. The solution is easily adaptable to physical and on
                                                                                                                                                                               line spaces, making it ideal for events or loyalty programs.
                                                                                                                                                                                Interactive construction enables the creation and modeling 
                                                                                                                                                                               of objects while experimenting with various shapes, designs,
                                                                                                                                                                                and solutions. This technology utilizes sensors to track an
                                                                                                                                                                               d respond to actions, all enhanced by digital elements in vi
                                                                                                                                                                               rtual space. This experience facilitates the learning and de
                                                                                                                                                                               velopment of technical and creative skills. We adopt an inno
                                                                                                                                                                               vative approach and creative ideas and use latest technologi
                                                                                                                                                                               es to provide immersive interactive solutions. Take a look a
                                                                                                                                                                               t our projects. Pleasant communication, attentive listening 
                                                                                                                                                                               to requests, and fulfilling them. We used the interactive Wh
                                                                                                                                                                               eel of Fortune service, which was highly appreciated by our 
                                                                                                                                                                               customers and resulted in excellent feedback. The interest w
                                                                                                                                                                               as really high, exceeding our expectations. Real partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                starts from professional advice and delivering transparent 
                                                                                                                                                                               and measurable results. On time and on budget. We are proud 
                                                                                                                                                                               of delivering a quality product that matters and leads to su
                                                                                                                                                                               ccess. Teaming up to light up ideas, unleash dreams, visions
                                                                                                                                                                                and magic. Some details may be less important, but we striv
                                                                                                                                                                               e to make them close to perfection. A touch-screen interacti
                                                                                                                                                                               ve educational game for kids designed to teach history and a
                                                                                                                                                                               ncestry of our heritage This interactive museum tour, powere
                                                                                                                                                                               d by augmented reality, is an innovative and engaging way to
                                                                                                                                                                                learn about the architecture, culture, and activities condu
                                                                                                                                                                               cted in the manor in the 18th century. "}                   

4729  https://www.indeform.com/company                              1        2025-03-24  Indeform - Interactive technologies for eCommerce, Cloud sof  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Indeform - Interactive technologies for eCommerce
                                                                                         tware solutions, Artificial intelligence for Business & Digi                          , Cloud software solutions, Artificial intelligence for Busi
                                                                                         tal graphics                                                                          ness & Digital graphics", "h2": "Alone we can do so little, 
                                                                                                                                                                               together we can do so much.", "p": "We are an innovative and
                                                                                                                                                                                comprehensive IT company specializing in advanced custom so
                                                                                                                                                                               ftware development, interactive technologies and digital gra
                                                                                                                                                                               phics solutions. We love challenges and innovations. We Know
                                                                                                                                                                                How To Fast-Track Your Enterprise Products Development with
                                                                                                                                                                                our dedicated cross-functional teams, by implementing top-n
                                                                                                                                                                               otch technologies and applying innovative approaches. Behind
                                                                                                                                                                                every company are first and foremost people - innovative cr
                                                                                                                                                                               eators, talented engineers, tireless scientists. These are t
                                                                                                                                                                               he people who bring new ideas, create innovative solutions, 
                                                                                                                                                                               implement advanced technologies and transforms markets with 
                                                                                                                                                                               remarkable digital products. These people who make up our T.
                                                                                                                                                                               E.A.M. are what we are extremely proud of and what we value 
                                                                                                                                                                               the most."}                                                 

4730  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/XR-technology-ad  1        2025-03-24  XR technology definition,advantages and future perspectives   2025-03-23  15          {"title": "XR technology definition,advantages and future pe
      vantages-and-future-perspectives-in-museums                                        in museums                                                                            rspectives in museums", "h1": "XR technology: advantages and
                                                                                                                                                                                future perspectives in museums", "h2": "The benefits and us
                                                                                                                                                                               es of XR technology in museums What is extended reality (XR)
                                                                                                                                                                               ? Technology in museums How do XR technologies enrich museum
                                                                                                                                                                                operations and visitor experiences? The future of immersive
                                                                                                                                                                                experiences in museums Final words", "h3": "Tours of the mu
                                                                                                                                                                               seum's spaces Exhibitions Educational programmes", "alt": "W
                                                                                                                                                                               omen with digital glasses", "li": "Virtual tours Interactive
                                                                                                                                                                                guides Personalized tours Digital interpretations of art Im
                                                                                                                                                                               mersive sound and visual installations Virtual science exper
                                                                                                                                                                               iments Simulations and reconstructions Immersive learning en
                                                                                                                                                                               vironments Increased engagement. XR technologies can create 
                                                                                                                                                                               a more interactive and emotionally engaging experience, chan
                                                                                                                                                                               ging the way museums present educational content and engage 
                                                                                                                                                                               with visitors; A wide range of technologies. Extended realit
                                                                                                                                                                               y includes virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), and
                                                                                                                                                                                mixed reality (MR), offering different levels of engagement
                                                                                                                                                                                and interaction, which can be chosen according to the speci
                                                                                                                                                                               fic needs of an exhibition or program; Extended capabilities
                                                                                                                                                                               . XR technologies offer new opportunities to create and expe
                                                                                                                                                                               riment with scenarios that may be too complex or impossible 
                                                                                                                                                                               to implement in the real world; Efficient resource allocatio
                                                                                                                                                                               n. Extended reality technologies can speed up work processes
                                                                                                                                                                                and reduce time and resource consumption; Creativity and in
                                                                                                                                                                               novation. XR technologies encourage creativity and innovatio
                                                                                                                                                                               n by enabling unique experiences and experimentation with ne
                                                                                                                                                                               w ideas and concepts."}                                     

4731  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/interactive-educ  1        2025-03-24  An Interactive game Ethnographic Treasury for Raseiniai Mu  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "An Interactive game \u201cEthnographic Treasury\u
      ational-game                                                                       seum                                                                                  201d for Raseiniai Museum", "h1": "An Interactive, education
                                                                                                                                                                               al game \u201cEthnographic Treasury\u201d for Raseiniai Muse
                                                                                                                                                                               um", "h2": "A touch-based, interactive game for young and ol
                                                                                                                                                                               d at the Raseiniai Museum The Client The Problem The Solutio
                                                                                                                                                                               n - Interactive, Educational Game Conclusion", "alt": "inter
                                                                                                                                                                               active, educational game"}                                  

4732  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/interactive-cast  1        2025-03-24  An Interactive Animated Castle Ghost | Indeform               2025-03-23  15          {"title": "An Interactive Animated Castle Ghost | Indeform",
      le-ghost                                                                                                                                                                  "h1": "An interactive castle ghost", "h2": "An Interactive 
                                                                                                                                                                               Attraction for Kids and Tourists \u2013 a Motion Controlled 
                                                                                                                                                                               Animated legendary Knight The Client The Problem The Solutio
                                                                                                                                                                               n Conclusion", "alt": "interactive castle ghost projection"}

4733  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/an-interactive-s  1        2025-03-24  An Interactive Santa Claus Show | Indeform                    2025-03-23  15          {"title": "An Interactive Santa Claus Show | Indeform", "h1"
      anta-claus-show                                                                                                                                                          : "An interactive Santa Claus show", "h2": "A magic Christma
                                                                                                                                                                               s show with an interactive talking Santa Claus projection on
                                                                                                                                                                                a tower. The Client The Problem The Solution - Interactive 
                                                                                                                                                                               Santa Claus Show Conclusion", "alt": "santa claus show"}    

4734  https://www.indeformtechnologies.com/article/easycad-3d-cad-  1        2025-03-24  EASYCAD - a 3D CAD display designer | Indeform                2025-03-23  15          {"title": "EASYCAD - a 3D CAD display designer | Indeform", 
      display-designer                                                                                                                                                         "h1": "EASYCAD - a cloud-powered 3D CAD display designer", "
                                                                                                                                                                               h2": "This unique 3D CAD display designer is integrated with
                                                                                                                                                                                e-commerce product catalogs, checkout and shipping options 
                                                                                                                                                                               The Client The Problem The Solution - CAD Display Designer C
                                                                                                                                                                               onclusion", "alt": "Computer-aided design tool"}            

4735  https://www.indeform.com/privacy-policy                       1        2025-03-24  Indeform - Interactive technologies for eCommerce, Cloud sof  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Indeform - Interactive technologies for eCommerce
                                                                                         tware solutions, Artificial intelligence for Business & Digi                          , Cloud software solutions, Artificial intelligence for Busi
                                                                                         tal graphics                                                                          ness & Digital graphics", "p": "We are sorry, but unexpected
                                                                                                                                                                                error seems to have occured (500). Why not try refreshing a
                                                                                                                                                                                page? Or you can contact us if the problem persists."}     

4736  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/rainwater-system-ins  1        2025-03-24  Animated Rainwater System Installation Video | Indeform       2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Animated Rainwater System Installation Video | In
      tallation-video                                                                                                                                                          deform", "h1": "Animated rainwater system installation video
                                                                                                                                                                               ", "h2": "Ruukki Rainwater system installation explainer vid
                                                                                                                                                                               eo The Client The Problem The Solution - Explainer Video Con
                                                                                                                                                                               clusion", "alt": "rainwater-system-installation-video"}     

4737  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/VR-AR-and-MR-tec  1        2025-03-24  VR, AR, and MR technologies in museums                        2025-03-23  15          {"title": "VR, AR, and MR technologies in museums", "h1": "M
      hnologies-in-museums                                                                                                                                                     useum Innovations with VR, AR, and MR", "h2": "Exploring unc
                                                                                                                                                                               harted historical realities in museums with VR, AR, and MR V
                                                                                                                                                                               R, AR, and MR - what is it? The potential of these technolog
                                                                                                                                                                               ies in museums How do the world's great museums use VR, AR, 
                                                                                                                                                                               and MR? Final Words", "alt": "", "li": "Virtual Reality Augm
                                                                                                                                                                               ented reality Mixed reality Virtual tours Interactive museum
                                                                                                                                                                                exhibits Enhanced information provision Simulations and res
                                                                                                                                                                               toration Education and training VR technologies AR technolog
                                                                                                                                                                               ies MR technologies"}                                       

4738  https://www.indeformtechnologies.com/article/product-customi  1        2025-03-24  Product customization                                         2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Product customization", "h1": "Product Customizat
      zation                                                                                                                                                                   ion: Why do it?", "h2": "What is product customization/ pers
                                                                                                                                                                               onalization? 5 Benefits of product customization Examples of
                                                                                                                                                                                product personalization Virtual Outfits Nissan Blue Sky Pro
                                                                                                                                                                               duct Customization: where to start?", "h3": "1. Customer loy
                                                                                                                                                                               alty. 2. Process optimization 3. More accurate buyer persona
                                                                                                                                                                                4. Cost efficiency 5. Increase in sales NikeID Nutella", "a
                                                                                                                                                                               lt": "Product customization"}                               

4739  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/Innovative-teach  1        2025-03-24  Explore the influence of innovative teaching methods on educ  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Explore the influence of innovative teaching meth
      ing-methods-in-the-field-of-education                                              ation                                                                                 ods on education", "h1": "Innovative teaching strategies and
                                                                                                                                                                                their impact on education", "h2": "Innovative teaching meth
                                                                                                                                                                               ods and how they influence the field of education Innovation
                                                                                                                                                                               s and education Innovative teaching strategies and their app
                                                                                                                                                                               lication in educational institutions Why are innovations imp
                                                                                                                                                                               ortant in education? The future of innovative education Futu
                                                                                                                                                                               re trends Closing:", "alt": "A two girls using laptop with c
                                                                                                                                                                               lassmates", "li": ". This strategy encourages learning by cr
                                                                                                                                                                               eating and executing projects. Students, working independent
                                                                                                                                                                               ly or in groups, must create a product that is applicable in
                                                                                                                                                                                real-world conditions; . This strategy focuses on the use o
                                                                                                                                                                               f various technologies that engage students, making the pres
                                                                                                                                                                               entation of learning materials clearer and more interesting;
                                                                                                                                                                                . The application of gaming principles involves presenting 
                                                                                                                                                                               educational content in the form of a game to captivate and e
                                                                                                                                                                               ngage young learners."}                                     

4740  https://www.indeformtechnologies.com/article/enhancing-team-  1        2025-03-24  Make your business efficient with team-building tools and so  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Make your business efficient with team-building t
      building-tools-and-solutions-whilst-benefiting-your-business                       lutions                                                                               ools and solutions", "h1": "Enhancing team-building tools an
      -efficiency                                                                                                                                                              d solutions whilst benefiting your business efficiency Conte
                                                                                                                                                                               nt Team-building in business Invest in your team", "h2": "In
                                                                                                                                                                               tent: Dedicated to: Key Questions?: Building Trust Between T
                                                                                                                                                                               eam Members Role Confusion Work/Task Personalization Increas
                                                                                                                                                                               ed Efficiency, Productivity Better Work Environment Increase
                                                                                                                                                                               d Engagement Gamification", "alt": "", "li": "Managers Busin
                                                                                                                                                                               ess owners Leaders Educators Lecturers Which Team Management
                                                                                                                                                                                Difficulties Does Your Business Face? Is Your Workforce Ali
                                                                                                                                                                               gned With Your Business Goals?"}                            

4741  https://www.indeformtechnologies.com/article/how-is-your-wor  1        2025-03-24  Business process automation software benefits                 2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Business process automation software benefits", "
      kplace-automation-BPA-benefitting-your-business                                                                                                                          h1": "How is your workplace automation (BPA) benefitting you
                                                                                                                                                                               r business? Content What business automation is all about Wh
                                                                                                                                                                               ere to start", "h2": "Intent: Key Questions?: If It Can Be A
                                                                                                                                                                               utomated, It Will Be Save Time Allow Resources to be Diverte
                                                                                                                                                                               d Elsewhere Which Processes Can Be Automated Healthier Profi
                                                                                                                                                                               t Margins for Businesses An Ocean of Softwares and Tools Cus
                                                                                                                                                                               tomer Satisfaction", "h3": "Dedicated to:", "alt": "", "li":
                                                                                                                                                                                "Managers Business Owners Employees How does business autom
                                                                                                                                                                               ation affect business? Why is business automation important?
                                                                                                                                                                                What is business automation? How can I automate my business
                                                                                                                                                                               ? How does automation help business? What business processes
                                                                                                                                                                                can be automated? Hiring Process Employee Analytics File Tr
                                                                                                                                                                               ansfers Report Generation and Distribution Email Automation 
                                                                                                                                                                               Claims Processes Accounting Tasks Meetings Facility Manageme
                                                                                                                                                                               nt Project/Task Management Communication Batch Processing Te
                                                                                                                                                                               am-Building Data Science ERP Integration Marketing Customer 
                                                                                                                                                                               Service Management Lead Management Supply Chain Management H
                                                                                                                                                                               ow can I automate my business? How does automation help busi
                                                                                                                                                                               ness? What business processes can be automated? What compani
                                                                                                                                                                               es use automation? What are the business automation benefits
                                                                                                                                                                               ? How does business automation affect business? Why is busin
                                                                                                                                                                               ess automation important?"}                                 

4742  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/the-power-of-men  1        2025-03-24  Women Go Tech mentoring helps increase women's inclusion in   2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Women Go Tech mentoring helps increase women's in
      toring-indeform-interactive-project-manager-insights                               IT                                                                                    clusion in IT", "h1": "The Power of Mentorship: Unleashing W
                                                                                                                                                                               omen's Potential in the Tech", "h2": "\"Indeform Interactive
                                                                                                                                                                               \" project manager Gabija - \"Women Go Tech\" mentoring help
                                                                                                                                                                               s increase women's inclusion in IT IT is not just programmin
                                                                                                                                                                               g Mentoring can help open up career opportunities Obstacles,
                                                                                                                                                                                opportunities, and prospects A programme to promote women's
                                                                                                                                                                                leadership", "alt": ""}                                    

4743  https://www.indeformdigital.com/case-studies                  1        2025-03-24  Animated 3D/2D product visualizations, Augmented Reality rea  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Animated 3D/2D product visualizations, Augmented 
                                                                                         dy videos, Virtual Reality ready videos, Video explainers, P                          Reality ready videos, Virtual Reality ready videos, Video ex
                                                                                         ost-production, VFX - Indeform Digital                                                plainers, Post-production, VFX - Indeform Digital", "h2": "V
                                                                                                                                                                               isualizing the invisible: 3D in eMotion Systemair 3D explain
                                                                                                                                                                               er video Vilnius castle VFX An animated 3D house visualizati
                                                                                                                                                                               on New Holland T5070 in 3D visual presentation Medical Teeth
                                                                                                                                                                                Image Visualization Medical visualizations 3D product visua
                                                                                                                                                                               lizations - Bigso Box premium packaging Professional 3D prod
                                                                                                                                                                               uct visualizations for SALDA Automated multilanguage user in
                                                                                                                                                                               terface with integrated explanatory animations Explanatory a
                                                                                                                                                                               nimations and 3D visualizations for the modern \"Respo\" wat
                                                                                                                                                                               er ionization tap The crow and cheese Here came the timid de
                                                                                                                                                                               er The sun and the moon The sky is falling Tindi rindi riusk
                                                                                                                                                                               a Hey, little crow A gosling swam across the pond I had a ro
                                                                                                                                                                               oster The sparrow banquet Tili tili duda Two roosters What a
                                                                                                                                                                                horse Sparrow, sparrow 3D product visualizations, explainer
                                                                                                                                                                                animation and animated video commercial for aQuator Vivo An
                                                                                                                                                                               imated rainwater system installation video", "alt": "Ruukki 
                                                                                                                                                                               Ruukki Systemair Systemair Salda Salda MP3 Agency MP3 Agency
                                                                                                                                                                                Lytagra Lytagra Dzukijos TV Dzukijos TV E\u017eer\u0117lio 
                                                                                                                                                                               kult\u016bros centras E\u017eer\u0117lio kult\u016bros centr
                                                                                                                                                                               as Vilnius Vilnius", "p": "We bring creative ideas to explai
                                                                                                                                                                               n complex areas in a simple and visual way. Take a closer lo
                                                                                                                                                                               ok at digital possibilities. Our little girl really enjoys t
                                                                                                                                                                               hese wonderful songs and fairy tales. She is dancing and sin
                                                                                                                                                                               ging each time she watch it on Youtube AnimotukasTV channel.
                                                                                                                                                                                We are very pleased with the audiovisual visualization of t
                                                                                                                                                                               he straw gardens. The Indeform team has collaborated constru
                                                                                                                                                                               ctively, providing support and advice throughout the project
                                                                                                                                                                               . We will definitely continue our cooperation. "}           

4744  https://www.indeformdigital.com/contact-us                    1        2025-03-24                                                                2025-03-23  15          {"h2": "Call us Our office Email Us Company info"}          

4745  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/medical-teeth-image-  1        2025-03-24  Medical Teeth Image Visualization                             2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Medical Teeth Image Visualization", "h1": "Medica
      visualization                                                                                                                                                            l Teeth Image Visualization", "h2": "Photo-realistic 3D teet
                                                                                                                                                                               h visualization The Problem The Solution - Medical Image Vis
                                                                                                                                                                               ualization Conclusion", "alt": "Medical Teeth Image"}       

4746  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/medical-visualizatio  1        2025-03-24  Medical Visualizations | Indeform                             2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Medical Visualizations | Indeform", "h1": "Medica
      ns-of-kidneys                                                                                                                                                            l visualizations", "h2": "Schematic medical visualizations o
                                                                                                                                                                               f the heart and kidneys for a scientific journal illustratio
                                                                                                                                                                               n The Problem The Solution - Detailed Medical Visualizations
                                                                                                                                                                                Conclusion", "alt": "medical visualizations of kidneys"}   

4747  https://www.indeformdigital.com/company                       1        2025-03-24  Experts in Animated 3D product visualizations, video explain  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Experts in Animated 3D product visualizations, vi
                                                                                         ers, 360 / AR / VR ready videos and VFX - Indeform Digital                            deo explainers, 360 / AR / VR ready videos and VFX - Indefor
                                                                                                                                                                               m Digital", "h2": "Creative Explorers seeking Perfection.", 
                                                                                                                                                                               "alt": "", "p": "We seek to create magic and visualize the i
                                                                                                                                                                               mpossible, to explain business products in an easy and visua
                                                                                                                                                                               l way \u2013 to show them from a 360-degree perspective by e
                                                                                                                                                                               mploying impressive digital 3D visualizations and animation.
                                                                                                                                                                                We focus on the development of digital solutions, which con
                                                                                                                                                                               tribute to our clients\u2019 success in engaging customers a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd reaching new markets. We work with startups, established 
                                                                                                                                                                               businesses and the world\u2019s leading brands from the US, 
                                                                                                                                                                               Canada, UK, Sweden, Finland and the rest of Europe. We pay t
                                                                                                                                                                               he same regard to our work, team and our customer. Our work 
                                                                                                                                                                               ethics and company culture is based on crucial core values. 
                                                                                                                                                                               Because you will be part of a team which is curious, seeks t
                                                                                                                                                                               o grow, enjoys learning and loves to share their ideas. Beca
                                                                                                                                                                               use you will be part of a team which builds a transparent an
                                                                                                                                                                               d friendly work environment. A team, in which every member s
                                                                                                                                                                               hares expectations, keeps a promise to a friend, supports ea
                                                                                                                                                                               ch other to get things going, seeks ambitious goals, shares 
                                                                                                                                                                               achievements, good times and hard times. Because you will be
                                                                                                                                                                                part of a team which fosters a culture of creativity and lo
                                                                                                                                                                               ves to explore and create magic. Because you will part of a 
                                                                                                                                                                               team which seeks to be perfect \u2013 at least nearly perfec
                                                                                                                                                                               t \u2013 in the things they do. I enjoy working at Indeform 
                                                                                                                                                                               as I always get to challenge myself with something new. The 
                                                                                                                                                                               whole crew is very fun and supportive, so the atmosphere is 
                                                                                                                                                                               great, but you also make results. "}                        

4748  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/system-installation-  1        2025-03-24  SYSTEMAIR 3D PRODUCT EXPLAINER VIDEO                          2025-03-23  15          {"title": "SYSTEMAIR 3D PRODUCT EXPLAINER VIDEO", "h1": "Sys
      explainer-video                                                                                                                                                          temair 3D explainer video", "h2": "Animated 3D video present
                                                                                                                                                                               ation of Systemair ventilation product The Client The Proble
                                                                                                                                                                               m The Solution - 3D Explainer Video Conclusion", "alt": "sys
                                                                                                                                                                               tem installation explainer video"}                          

4749  https://www.indeformdigital.com/privacy-policy                1        2025-03-24                                                                2025-03-23  15          {"h1": "PRIVACY POLICY", "h2": "SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS TABLE 
                                                                                                                                                                               OF CONTENTS 1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? 2. HOW DO WE 
                                                                                                                                                                               PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? 3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON 
                                                                                                                                                                               TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? 4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHA
                                                                                                                                                                               RE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER
                                                                                                                                                                                TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES? 6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMAT
                                                                                                                                                                               ION? 7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? 8. DO WE COLLE
                                                                                                                                                                               CT INFORMATION FROM MINORS? 9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
                                                                                                                                                                                10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES 11. DO WE MAKE UPDAT
                                                                                                                                                                               ES TO THIS NOTICE? 12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOT
                                                                                                                                                                               ICE? 13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE C
                                                                                                                                                                               OLLECT FROM YOU?", "h3": "Information automatically collecte
                                                                                                                                                                               d Information collected from other sources Google Analytics"
                                                                                                                                                                               , "p": "This Privacy Notice for Indeform (\" we ,\" \" us ,\
                                                                                                                                                                               " or \" our \"), describes how and why we might access, \n  
                                                                                                                                                                                         collect, store, use, and/or share (\" process \") 
                                                                                                                                                                               your personal information when you use our services (\" Serv
                                                                                                                                                                               ices \"), including when you: Questions or concerns? Reading
                                                                                                                                                                                this Privacy Notice will help you understand your privacy r
                                                                                                                                                                               ights and choices. \n            We are responsible for maki
                                                                                                                                                                               ng decisions about how your personal information is processe
                                                                                                                                                                               d. \n            If you do not agree with our policies and p
                                                                                                                                                                               ractices, please do not use our Services. \n            If y
                                                                                                                                                                               ou still have any questions or concerns, please contact us a
                                                                                                                                                                               t contact@indeform.com. This summary provides key points fro
                                                                                                                                                                               m our Privacy Notice, but you can find out more details \n  
                                                                                                                                                                                         about any of these topics by clicking the link fol
                                                                                                                                                                               lowing each key point or by using our table \n            of
                                                                                                                                                                                contents below to find the section you are looking for. Wha
                                                                                                                                                                               t personal information do we process? When you visit, use, o
                                                                                                                                                                               r navigate our Services, we may process personal information
                                                                                                                                                                                depending on how you \n            interact with us and the
                                                                                                                                                                                Services, the choices you make, and the products and featur
                                                                                                                                                                               es you use. Do we process any sensitive personal information
                                                                                                                                                                               ? Some of the information may be considered \"special\" or \
                                                                                                                                                                               "sensitive\" in certain jurisdictions, \n            for exa
                                                                                                                                                                               mple your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation, and 
                                                                                                                                                                               religious beliefs. \n            We do not process sensitive
                                                                                                                                                                                personal information. Do we collect any information from th
                                                                                                                                                                               ird parties? We may collect information from public database
                                                                                                                                                                               s, marketing partners, \n            social media platforms,
                                                                                                                                                                                and other outside sources. How do we process your informati
                                                                                                                                                                               on? We process your information to provide, improve, \n     
                                                                                                                                                                                      and administer our Services, communicate with you, fo
                                                                                                                                                                               r security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. \n 
                                                                                                                                                                                          We may also process your information for other pu
                                                                                                                                                                               rposes with your consent. \n            We process your info
                                                                                                                                                                               rmation only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. In 
                                                                                                                                                                               what situations and with which types of parties do we share 
                                                                                                                                                                               personal information? We may share information in specific s
                                                                                                                                                                               ituations and with specific categories of third parties. \n 
                                                                                                                                                                                          Learn more about when and with whom we share your
                                                                                                                                                                                personal information. How do we keep your information safe?
                                                                                                                                                                                We have adequate organizational and technical processes and
                                                                                                                                                                                procedures in place \n            to protect your personal 
                                                                                                                                                                               information. However, no electronic transmission over \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                       the internet or information storage technology can b
                                                                                                                                                                               e guaranteed to be 100% secure, \n            so we cannot p
                                                                                                                                                                               romise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other u
                                                                                                                                                                               nauthorized \n            third parties will not be able to 
                                                                                                                                                                               defeat our security and improperly collect, \n            ac
                                                                                                                                                                               cess, steal, or modify your information. What are your right
                                                                                                                                                                               s? Depending on where you are located geographically, the ap
                                                                                                                                                                               plicable privacy law may \n            mean you have certain
                                                                                                                                                                                rights regarding your personal information. How do you exer
                                                                                                                                                                               cise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is
                                                                                                                                                                                by submitting a data subject access request, \n            
                                                                                                                                                                               or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any reque
                                                                                                                                                                               st in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Want 
                                                                                                                                                                               to learn more about what we do with any information we colle
                                                                                                                                                                               ct? Review the Privacy Notice in full. We collect personal i
                                                                                                                                                                               nformation that you voluntarily provide to us when \n       
                                                                                                                                                                                    you express an interest in obtaining information about 
                                                                                                                                                                               us or our products and Services, \n            when you part
                                                                                                                                                                               icipate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you
                                                                                                                                                                                contact us. Personal Information Provided by You. The perso
                                                                                                                                                                               nal information that we collect depends on the context of yo
                                                                                                                                                                               ur interactions with us and the Services, \n            the 
                                                                                                                                                                               choices you make, and the products and features you use. The
                                                                                                                                                                                personal information we collect may include the following: 
                                                                                                                                                                               Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive informati
                                                                                                                                                                               on. All personal information that you provide to us must be 
                                                                                                                                                                               true, complete, and accurate, \n            and you must not
                                                                                                                                                                               ify us of any changes to such personal information. In Short
                                                                                                                                                                               : Some information \u2014 such as your Internet Protocol (IP
                                                                                                                                                                               ) \n            address and/or browser and device characteri
                                                                                                                                                                               stics \u2014 is collected automatically when you visit our S
                                                                                                                                                                               ervices. We automatically collect certain information when y
                                                                                                                                                                               ou visit, use, or navigate the Services. \n            This 
                                                                                                                                                                               information does not reveal your specific identity (like you
                                                                                                                                                                               r name or contact information) \n            but may include
                                                                                                                                                                                device and usage information, such as your IP address, brow
                                                                                                                                                                               ser and device characteristics, \n            operating syst
                                                                                                                                                                               em, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, count
                                                                                                                                                                               ry, location, \n            information about how and when y
                                                                                                                                                                               ou use our Services, and other technical information. \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                       This information is primarily needed to maintain the
                                                                                                                                                                                security and operation of our Services, \n            and f
                                                                                                                                                                               or our internal analytics and reporting purposes. Like many 
                                                                                                                                                                               businesses, we also collect information through cookies and 
                                                                                                                                                                               similar technologies. The information we collect includes: I
                                                                                                                                                                               n Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, 
                                                                                                                                                                               marketing partners, and other outside sources. In order to e
                                                                                                                                                                               nhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, an
                                                                                                                                                                               d services to you and update our records, \n            we m
                                                                                                                                                                               ay obtain information about you from other sources, such as 
                                                                                                                                                                               public databases, joint marketing partners, \n            af
                                                                                                                                                                               filiate programs, data providers, and from other third parti
                                                                                                                                                                               es. This information includes mailing addresses, \n         
                                                                                                                                                                                  job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (
                                                                                                                                                                               or user behavior data), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, \n
                                                                                                                                                                                           social media profiles, social media URLs, and cu
                                                                                                                                                                               stom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising and even
                                                                                                                                                                               t promotion. In Short: We process your information to provid
                                                                                                                                                                               e, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with yo
                                                                                                                                                                               u, \n            for security and fraud prevention, and to c
                                                                                                                                                                               omply with law. We may also process \n            your infor
                                                                                                                                                                               mation for other purposes with your consent. We process your
                                                                                                                                                                                personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on
                                                                                                                                                                                how you interact with our Services, including: In Short: We
                                                                                                                                                                                only process your personal information when we believe it i
                                                                                                                                                                               s necessary and we have a valid legal \n            reason (
                                                                                                                                                                               i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with 
                                                                                                                                                                               your consent, to comply with laws, \n            to provide 
                                                                                                                                                                               you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual o
                                                                                                                                                                               bligations, to protect your rights, \n            or to fulf
                                                                                                                                                                               ill our legitimate business interests. The General Data Prot
                                                                                                                                                                               ection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain t
                                                                                                                                                                               he valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your per
                                                                                                                                                                               sonal information. \n            As such, we may rely on the
                                                                                                                                                                                following legal bases to process your personal information:
                                                                                                                                                                                In Short: We may share information in specific situations d
                                                                                                                                                                               escribed in this section and/or with the following categorie
                                                                                                                                                                               s of third parties. Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Pa
                                                                                                                                                                               rty Service Providers. We may share your data with third-par
                                                                                                                                                                               ty vendors, \n            service providers, contractors, or
                                                                                                                                                                                agents (\"third parties\") who perform services for us or o
                                                                                                                                                                               n \n            our behalf and require access to such inform
                                                                                                                                                                               ation to do that work. \n            We have contracts in pl
                                                                                                                                                                               ace with our third parties, which are designed to help \n   
                                                                                                                                                                                        safeguard your personal information. This means tha
                                                                                                                                                                               t they cannot do anything with your \n            personal i
                                                                                                                                                                               nformation unless we have instructed them to do it. They wil
                                                                                                                                                                               l also not share \n            your personal information wit
                                                                                                                                                                               h any organization apart from us. They also commit to \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                       protect the data they hold on our behalf and to reta
                                                                                                                                                                               in it for the period we instruct. The categories of third pa
                                                                                                                                                                               rties we may share personal information with are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                We also may need to share your personal information in the 
                                                                                                                                                                               following situations: In Short: We may use cookies and other
                                                                                                                                                                                tracking technologies to collect and store your information
                                                                                                                                                                               . We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like
                                                                                                                                                                                web beacons and pixels) to gather \n                informa
                                                                                                                                                                               tion when you interact with our Services. Some online tracki
                                                                                                                                                                               ng technologies help us \n                maintain the secur
                                                                                                                                                                               ity of our Services, prevent crashes, fix bugs, save your pr
                                                                                                                                                                               eferences, \n                and assist with basic site func
                                                                                                                                                                               tions. We also permit third parties and service providers to
                                                                                                                                                                                use online tracking technologies on our \n                S
                                                                                                                                                                               ervices for analytics and advertising, including to help man
                                                                                                                                                                               age and display advertisements, \n                to tailor 
                                                                                                                                                                               advertisements to your interests, or to send abandoned shopp
                                                                                                                                                                               ing cart reminders \n                (depending on your comm
                                                                                                                                                                               unication preferences). The third parties and service provid
                                                                                                                                                                               ers use \n                their technology to provide advert
                                                                                                                                                                               ising about products and services tailored to your \n       
                                                                                                                                                                                        interests which may appear either on our Services o
                                                                                                                                                                               r on other websites. Specific information about how we use s
                                                                                                                                                                               uch technologies and how you can \n                refuse ce
                                                                                                                                                                               rtain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice. We may share 
                                                                                                                                                                               your information with Google Analytics to track and analyze 
                                                                                                                                                                               the use of the Services. \n                The Google Analyt
                                                                                                                                                                               ics Advertising Features that we may use include: Google Ana
                                                                                                                                                                               lytics \n                Demographics and Interests Reportin
                                                                                                                                                                               g, Remarketing with Google Analytics and Google \n          
                                                                                                                                                                                     Display Network Impressions Reporting. To opt out of b
                                                                                                                                                                               eing tracked by Google Analytics \n                across th
                                                                                                                                                                               e Services, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
                                                                                                                                                                                You can opt out of Google Analytics \n                Adver
                                                                                                                                                                               tising Features through Ads Settings and Ad Settings for mob
                                                                                                                                                                               ile apps. Other opt out means \n                include http
                                                                                                                                                                               ://optout.networkadvertising.org/ and http://www.networkadve
                                                                                                                                                                               rtising.org/mobile-choice . For \n                more infor
                                                                                                                                                                               mation on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the 
                                                                                                                                                                               Google Privacy & Terms page . In Short: We keep your informa
                                                                                                                                                                               tion for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                           outlined in this Privacy Notice unless otherwise
                                                                                                                                                                                required by law. We will only keep your personal informatio
                                                                                                                                                                               n for as long as it is necessary \n                for the p
                                                                                                                                                                               urposes set out in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer rete
                                                                                                                                                                               ntion \n                period is required or permitted by l
                                                                                                                                                                               aw (such as tax, accounting, \n                or other lega
                                                                                                                                                                               l requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business
                                                                                                                                                                                need to process your personal \n                information
                                                                                                                                                                               , we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, i
                                                                                                                                                                               f this \n                is not possible (for example, becau
                                                                                                                                                                               se your personal information has been \n                stor
                                                                                                                                                                               ed in backup archives), then we will securely store your per
                                                                                                                                                                               sonal information \n                and isolate it from any 
                                                                                                                                                                               further processing until deletion is possible. In Short: We 
                                                                                                                                                                               aim to protect your personal information through a system of
                                                                                                                                                                                organizational and technical security measures. We have imp
                                                                                                                                                                               lemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizati
                                                                                                                                                                               onal \n                security measures designed to protect
                                                                                                                                                                                the security of any personal information we process. \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                           However, despite our safeguards and efforts to s
                                                                                                                                                                               ecure your information, \n                no electronic tran
                                                                                                                                                                               smission over the Internet or information storage technology
                                                                                                                                                                                \n                can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so w
                                                                                                                                                                               e cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, \n              
                                                                                                                                                                                 cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will n
                                                                                                                                                                               ot be able to defeat our \n                security and impr
                                                                                                                                                                               operly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. \
                                                                                                                                                                               n                Although we will do our best to protect you
                                                                                                                                                                               r personal information, transmission of \n                pe
                                                                                                                                                                               rsonal information to and from our Services is at your own r
                                                                                                                                                                               isk. \n                You should only access the Services w
                                                                                                                                                                               ithin a secure environment. In Short: We do not knowingly co
                                                                                                                                                                               llect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
                                                                                                                                                                                We do not knowingly collect, solicit data from, or market t
                                                                                                                                                                               o children under 18 years of age, \n                nor do w
                                                                                                                                                                               e knowingly sell such personal information. By using the Ser
                                                                                                                                                                               vices, you represent \n                that you are at least
                                                                                                                                                                                18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd consent \n                to such minor dependent\u2019s 
                                                                                                                                                                               use of the Services. If we learn that personal information f
                                                                                                                                                                               rom \n                users less than 18 years of age has be
                                                                                                                                                                               en collected, we will deactivate the account and \n         
                                                                                                                                                                                      take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data
                                                                                                                                                                                from our records. \n                If you become aware of 
                                                                                                                                                                               any data we may have collected from children under age 18, \
                                                                                                                                                                               n                please contact us at contact@indeform.com. 
                                                                                                                                                                               In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Are
                                                                                                                                                                               a (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), \n                and Switzerl
                                                                                                                                                                               and, you have rights that allow you greater access to and co
                                                                                                                                                                               ntrol over your personal information. \n                You 
                                                                                                                                                                               may review, change, or terminate your account at any time, \
                                                                                                                                                                               n                depending on your country, province, or sta
                                                                                                                                                                               te of residence. In some regions (like the EEA, UK, and Swit
                                                                                                                                                                               zerland), you have certain rights under applicable data prot
                                                                                                                                                                               ection laws. \n                These may include the right (
                                                                                                                                                                               i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal info
                                                                                                                                                                               rmation, \n                (ii) to request rectification or 
                                                                                                                                                                               erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal i
                                                                                                                                                                               nformation; \n                (iv) if applicable, to data po
                                                                                                                                                                               rtability; and (v) not to be subject to automated decision-m
                                                                                                                                                                               aking. \n                In certain circumstances, you may a
                                                                                                                                                                               lso have the right to object to the processing of your \n   
                                                                                                                                                                                            personal information. You can make such a reque
                                                                                                                                                                               st by contacting us by using \n                the contact d
                                                                                                                                                                               etails provided in the section \"HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOU
                                                                                                                                                                               T THIS NOTICE?\" below. We will consider and act upon any re
                                                                                                                                                                               quest in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If
                                                                                                                                                                                you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unl
                                                                                                                                                                               awfully processing your personal information, \n            
                                                                                                                                                                                   you also have the right to complain to your Member State
                                                                                                                                                                                data protection authority or UK data protection authority .
                                                                                                                                                                                If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the Fede
                                                                                                                                                                               ral Data Protection and Information Commissioner. Withdrawin
                                                                                                                                                                               g your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process
                                                                                                                                                                                your personal information, \n                you have the r
                                                                                                                                                                               ight to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw 
                                                                                                                                                                               your consent \n                at any time by contacting us 
                                                                                                                                                                               by using the contact details provided in the section \n     
                                                                                                                                                                                          \"HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?\" bel
                                                                                                                                                                               ow. However, please note that this will not affect the lawfu
                                                                                                                                                                               lness of the processing before its \n                withdra
                                                                                                                                                                               wal nor, will it affect the processing of your personal info
                                                                                                                                                                               rmation conducted \n                in reliance on lawful pr
                                                                                                                                                                               ocessing grounds other than consent. Cookies and similar tec
                                                                                                                                                                               hnologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by de
                                                                                                                                                                               fault. \n                If you prefer, you can usually choo
                                                                                                                                                                               se to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cooki
                                                                                                                                                                               es. \n                If you choose to remove cookies or rej
                                                                                                                                                                               ect cookies, this could affect certain features or services 
                                                                                                                                                                               of our Services. If you have questions or comments about you
                                                                                                                                                                               r privacy rights, you may email us at contact@indeform.com. 
                                                                                                                                                                               Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobi
                                                                                                                                                                               le \n                applications include a Do-Not-Track (\"
                                                                                                                                                                               DNT\") feature or setting you can \n                activate
                                                                                                                                                                                to signal your privacy preference not to have data about yo
                                                                                                                                                                               ur \n                online browsing activities monitored an
                                                                                                                                                                               d collected. At this stage, no \n                uniform tec
                                                                                                                                                                               hnology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                           signals has been finalized. As such, we do not c
                                                                                                                                                                               urrently respond to \n                DNT browser signals or
                                                                                                                                                                                any other mechanism that automatically \n                co
                                                                                                                                                                               mmunicates your choice not to be tracked online. \n         
                                                                                                                                                                                      If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we 
                                                                                                                                                                               must \n                follow in the future, we will inform 
                                                                                                                                                                               you about that \n                practice in a revised versi
                                                                                                                                                                               on of this Privacy Notice. In Short: Yes, we will update thi
                                                                                                                                                                               s notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. 
                                                                                                                                                                               We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. \n     
                                                                                                                                                                                              The updated version will be indicated by an u
                                                                                                                                                                               pdated \"Revised\" date at the top \n                    of 
                                                                                                                                                                               this Privacy Notice. If we make material changes to this Pri
                                                                                                                                                                               vacy Notice, \n                    we may notify you either 
                                                                                                                                                                               by prominently posting a notice of such changes or \n       
                                                                                                                                                                                            by directly sending you a notification. We enco
                                                                                                                                                                               urage you to review this \n                    Privacy Notic
                                                                                                                                                                               e frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your in
                                                                                                                                                                               formation. If you have questions or comments about this noti
                                                                                                                                                                               ce, you may email us at contact@indeform.com or contact us b
                                                                                                                                                                               y post at: Indeform K. Petrausko st. 26 Kaunas, Lithuania, L
                                                                                                                                                                               T-44156 Based on the applicable laws of your country, you ma
                                                                                                                                                                               y have the right to request \n                    access to 
                                                                                                                                                                               the personal information we collect from you, details about 
                                                                                                                                                                               how \n                    we have processed it, correct inac
                                                                                                                                                                               curacies, or delete your personal information. \n           
                                                                                                                                                                                        You may also have the right to withdraw your consen
                                                                                                                                                                               t to our processing of your \n                    personal i
                                                                                                                                                                               nformation. These rights may be limited in some circumstance
                                                                                                                                                                               s by applicable law. \n                    To request to rev
                                                                                                                                                                               iew, update, or delete your personal information, please con
                                                                                                                                                                               tact us: contact@indeform.com. Visit our website or any webs
                                                                                                                                                                               ite of ours that links to this Privacy Notice; Engage with u
                                                                                                                                                                               s in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or 
                                                                                                                                                                               events. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? HOW DO WE PROCESS YO
                                                                                                                                                                               UR INFORMATION? WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YO
                                                                                                                                                                               UR PERSONAL INFORMATION? WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR
                                                                                                                                                                                PERSONAL INFORMATION? DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING 
                                                                                                                                                                               TECHNOLOGIES? HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION? HOW DO W
                                                                                                                                                                               E KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM
                                                                                                                                                                                MINORS? WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-T
                                                                                                                                                                               RACK FEATURES DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE? HOW CAN YOU
                                                                                                                                                                                CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, O
                                                                                                                                                                               R DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU? names phone numbers e
                                                                                                                                                                               mail addresses job titles contact preferences city external 
                                                                                                                                                                               id zip code state gender date of birth country Log and usage
                                                                                                                                                                                data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, \n             
                                                                                                                                                                                  and performance information our servers automatically col
                                                                                                                                                                               lect when you access or use our \n                Services a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd which we record in log files. Depending on how you intera
                                                                                                                                                                               ct with us, this log \n                data may include your
                                                                                                                                                                                IP address, device information, browser type, and settings 
                                                                                                                                                                               and information \n                about your activity in the
                                                                                                                                                                                Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your
                                                                                                                                                                                usage, \n                pages and files viewed, searches, 
                                                                                                                                                                               and other actions you take such as which features you use), 
                                                                                                                                                                               \n                device event information (such as system a
                                                                                                                                                                               ctivity, error reports (sometimes called \"crash dumps\"), \
                                                                                                                                                                               n                and hardware settings). We collect device d
                                                                                                                                                                               ata such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, 
                                                                                                                                                                               \n                or other device you use to access the Serv
                                                                                                                                                                               ices. Depending on the device used, this device data may \n 
                                                                                                                                                                                              include information such as your IP address (
                                                                                                                                                                               or proxy server), device and application identification \n  
                                                                                                                                                                                             numbers, location, browser type, hardware mode
                                                                                                                                                                               l, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, \n      
                                                                                                                                                                                         operating system, and system configuration informa
                                                                                                                                                                               tion. We collect location data such as information about you
                                                                                                                                                                               r device's location, \n                which can be either p
                                                                                                                                                                               recise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends
                                                                                                                                                                                on the type \n                and settings of the device yo
                                                                                                                                                                               u use to access the Services. For example, we may use GPS an
                                                                                                                                                                               d other \n                technologies to collect geolocatio
                                                                                                                                                                               n data that tells us your current location (based on your IP
                                                                                                                                                                                address). \n                You can opt out of allowing us 
                                                                                                                                                                               to collect this information either by refusing access to the
                                                                                                                                                                                information \n                or by disabling your Location
                                                                                                                                                                                setting on your device. However, if you choose to opt out, 
                                                                                                                                                                               you may not \n                be able to use certain aspects
                                                                                                                                                                                of the Services. We may process your information to provide
                                                                                                                                                                                you with the requested service. We may process your informa
                                                                                                                                                                               tion to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential is
                                                                                                                                                                               sues you might have with the requested service. We may proce
                                                                                                                                                                               ss your information to send you details about our products a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd services, changes to our terms and policies, and other si
                                                                                                                                                                               milar information. We may process your information when nece
                                                                                                                                                                               ssary to request feedback and to contact you about your use 
                                                                                                                                                                               of our Services. We may process your information to develop 
                                                                                                                                                                               and display personalized content and advertising tailored to
                                                                                                                                                                                your interests, location, and more. We may process your inf
                                                                                                                                                                               ormation as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe an
                                                                                                                                                                               d secure, including fraud monitoring and prevention. We may 
                                                                                                                                                                               process information about how you use our Services to better
                                                                                                                                                                                understand how they are being used so we can improve them. 
                                                                                                                                                                               We may process your information to better understand how to 
                                                                                                                                                                               provide marketing and promotional campaigns that are most re
                                                                                                                                                                               levant to you. We may process your information when necessar
                                                                                                                                                                               y to save or protect an individual\u2019s vital interest, su
                                                                                                                                                                               ch as to prevent harm. We may process your information if yo
                                                                                                                                                                               u have given us permission \n                    (i.e., cons
                                                                                                                                                                               ent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose
                                                                                                                                                                               . \n                    You can withdraw your consent at any
                                                                                                                                                                                time. We may process your personal information when we \n  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 believe it is necessary to fulfill our con
                                                                                                                                                                               tractual obligations to you, \n                    including
                                                                                                                                                                                providing our Services or at your request prior to entering
                                                                                                                                                                                into a contract with you. We may process your information w
                                                                                                                                                                               hen we believe it \n                    is reasonably necess
                                                                                                                                                                               ary to achieve our legitimate business interests and those \
                                                                                                                                                                               n                    interests do not outweigh your interest
                                                                                                                                                                               s and fundamental rights and freedoms. \n                   
                                                                                                                                                                                For example, we may process your personal information for s
                                                                                                                                                                               ome of the purposes described in order to: Develop and displ
                                                                                                                                                                               ay personalized and relevant advertising content for our use
                                                                                                                                                                               rs Analyze how our Services are used so we can improve them 
                                                                                                                                                                               to engage and retain users Support our marketing activities 
                                                                                                                                                                               Diagnose problems and/or prevent fraudulent activities Under
                                                                                                                                                                               stand how our users use our products and services so we can 
                                                                                                                                                                               improve user experience We may process your information wher
                                                                                                                                                                               e we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal o
                                                                                                                                                                               bligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body
                                                                                                                                                                                or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, 
                                                                                                                                                                               or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in wh
                                                                                                                                                                               ich we are involved. We may process your information where w
                                                                                                                                                                               e believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or
                                                                                                                                                                                the vital interests of a third party, such as situations in
                                                                                                                                                                               volving potential threats to the safety of any person. Data 
                                                                                                                                                                               Analytics Services Ad Networks Retargeting Platforms Sales &
                                                                                                                                                                                Marketing Tools Social Networks We may share or transfer yo
                                                                                                                                                                               ur information in connection with, \n                    or 
                                                                                                                                                                               during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, 
                                                                                                                                                                               financing, or \n                    acquisition of all or a 
                                                                                                                                                                               portion of our business to another company."}               

4750  https://www.indeformdigital.com/insights                      1        2025-03-24  SITE_SEO_title                                                2025-03-23  15          {"title": "SITE_SEO_title", "p": "Four explanatory animation
                                                                                                                                                                               s were created to visually demonstrate the installation, cle
                                                                                                                                                                               aning, filtering, and mineral replacement stages of the \"Re
                                                                                                                                                                               spo\" water ionizer. The advanced multilingual user interfac
                                                                                                                                                                               e not only streamlines product management but also adapts to
                                                                                                                                                                                users' linguistic needs, ensuring smooth content delivery. 
                                                                                                                                                                               The integrated explanatory animation ensures clear informati
                                                                                                                                                                               on transfer, boosts user engagement. Indeform Digital's team
                                                                                                                                                                                of experts has successfully created high-resolution 3D digi
                                                                                                                                                                               tal visualizations that provide a thorough look at the produ
                                                                                                                                                                               ct's features, resulting in a significant increase in custom
                                                                                                                                                                               er satisfaction and trust. Throughout nearly a decade of par
                                                                                                                                                                               tnership, Indeform's team of experts has provided a wide ran
                                                                                                                                                                               ge of services including product control menu updates, 3D vi
                                                                                                                                                                               sualizations, explainer animations, and animated video comme
                                                                                                                                                                               rcials. Created high-quality 3D visualizations of the packag
                                                                                                                                                                               ing products, which effectively display the product's key fe
                                                                                                                                                                               atures such as size, color, texture, and functionality. An a
                                                                                                                                                                               nimated 3D visual presentation of the tractor New Holland T5
                                                                                                                                                                               070 Animated 3D video presentation of Systemair ventilation 
                                                                                                                                                                               product Schematic medical visualizations of the heart and ki
                                                                                                                                                                               dneys for a scientific journal illustration Photo-realistic 
                                                                                                                                                                               3D teeth visualization 3D real estate visualization displayi
                                                                                                                                                                               ng economical, energy-saving, and thermo-control features Re
                                                                                                                                                                               constructed medieval Vilnius Castle built into real video fo
                                                                                                                                                                               otage Here came the timid deer and here came magical Lithuan
                                                                                                                                                                               ian Christmas An educational animated nursery rhyme for kids
                                                                                                                                                                                about a little sparrow A beautiful animated song about a ha
                                                                                                                                                                               ppy horse going back home A beautiful and symbolical animate
                                                                                                                                                                               d nursery rhyme for kids which tells about how bread is made
                                                                                                                                                                                An Enjoyable Animated Song for Kids About a Boy and His Fif
                                                                                                                                                                               e A Joyful Animated Song About a Cheerful Sparrow Party An e
                                                                                                                                                                               ducational animated nursery rhyme for kids that helps to lea
                                                                                                                                                                               rn the sounds domestic animals make It\u2019s time to go to 
                                                                                                                                                                               school with a gosling Educational animated cartoon for a kid
                                                                                                                                                                               s A Fun and Enjoyable Adventure in the Forest An animated fa
                                                                                                                                                                               iry tale cartoon about a small kitten which thought that the
                                                                                                                                                                                sky was falling A magical, animated story explains why the 
                                                                                                                                                                               Sun shines during the day and the moon - during the night An
                                                                                                                                                                                Animated Cartoon About an Arrogant Crow and a Cunning Fox R
                                                                                                                                                                               uukki Rainwater system installation explainer video "}      

4751  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/case-studies              1        2025-03-24  E-Commerce products customizers, Interactive 3D Web Visualiz  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "E-Commerce products customizers, Interactive 3D W
                                                                                         ations, Augmented Reality projects, Virtual Reality projects                          eb Visualizations, Augmented Reality projects, Virtual Reali
                                                                                         , 360 experiences, Interactive Media shows - Indeform Intera                          ty projects, 360 experiences, Interactive Media shows - Inde
                                                                                         ctive                                                                                 form Interactive", "h2": "Experiences that Inspire One-of-a-
                                                                                                                                                                               kind interactive experience \u2013 Museum on Wheels Interact
                                                                                                                                                                               ive educational game for the Gabriel\u0117 Petkevi\u010dait\
                                                                                                                                                                               u0117-Bit\u0117 Public Library Interactive Wheel of Fortune 
                                                                                                                                                                               for multinational clothing-retail company Sinsay Interactive
                                                                                                                                                                                transformation of the Joni\u0161kis Partisans exhibition Au
                                                                                                                                                                               gmented reality solution for Kaunas Biennial Festival Virtua
                                                                                                                                                                               l museum tour - \"Knygnesiu Keliu\" An interactive virtual h
                                                                                                                                                                               ost Educational game for Taurage regional museum \u201cSanta
                                                                                                                                                                               ka\u201d An Interactive, educational game \u201cEthnographic
                                                                                                                                                                                Treasury\u201d for Raseiniai Museum An interactive castle g
                                                                                                                                                                               host Muscle Beach in Venice, California An interactive Kauna
                                                                                                                                                                               s castle siege, 1362 An interactive 3D installation explaine
                                                                                                                                                                               r An interactive Santa Claus show Ezerunas - an Interactive 
                                                                                                                                                                               Museum Touch-Screen Game Paezeriu Manor 3D Interactive Museu
                                                                                                                                                                               m App and Tour", "alt": "LPP Lithuania LPP Lithuania Sinsay 
                                                                                                                                                                               Sinsay Ruukki Ruukki Taurag\u0117s muziejus Taurag\u0117s mu
                                                                                                                                                                               ziejus Raseini\u0173 muziejus Raseini\u0173 muziejus Kaunas 
                                                                                                                                                                               City Museum Kaunas City Museum Muscle Beach Muscle Beach Pub
                                                                                                                                                                               licum Events Publicum Events Ignalinos kra\u0161to muziejus 
                                                                                                                                                                               Ignalinos kra\u0161to muziejus Vilkavi\u0161kio rajono kult\
                                                                                                                                                                               u016bros centras muziejus Vilkavi\u0161kio rajono kult\u016b
                                                                                                                                                                               ros centras muziejus Panev\u0117\u017eio apskrities Gabriel\
                                                                                                                                                                               u0117s Petkevi\u010dait\u0117s-Bit\u0117s vie\u0161oji bibli
                                                                                                                                                                               oteka Panev\u0117\u017eio apskrities Gabriel\u0117s Petkevi\
                                                                                                                                                                               u010dait\u0117s-Bit\u0117s vie\u0161oji biblioteka Lietuvos 
                                                                                                                                                                               \u0161vietimo istorijos muziejus Lietuvos \u0161vietimo isto
                                                                                                                                                                               rijos muziejus Panev\u0117\u017eio rajono biblioteka Panev\u
                                                                                                                                                                               0117\u017eio rajono biblioteka", "p": "We reinvent the custo
                                                                                                                                                                               mer experience by exploring the limits of innovative media t
                                                                                                                                                                               echnologies and creativity. Take a glance at how we transfor
                                                                                                                                                                               m incredible ideas into unique products that you can share. 
                                                                                                                                                                               Pleasant communication, attentive listening to requests, and
                                                                                                                                                                                fulfilling them. We used the interactive Wheel of Fortune s
                                                                                                                                                                               ervice, which was highly appreciated by our customers and re
                                                                                                                                                                               sulted in excellent feedback. The interest was really high, 
                                                                                                                                                                               exceeding our expectations. "}                              

4752  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/eu-projects               1        2025-03-24                                                                2025-03-23  15          {"h1": "Indeform, Ltd. implements EU - funded project \"Enha
                                                                                                                                                                               ncing children's physical activity and health through modern
                                                                                                                                                                                technology.\" Indeform Ltd implements EU \u2013 funded proj
                                                                                                                                                                               ect \"Development of new digital products of Indeform Ltd, i
                                                                                                                                                                               nvesting in the infrastructure necessary for the development
                                                                                                                                                                                of CCI products Indeform, Ltd. implements EU - funded proje
                                                                                                                                                                               ct \"Creation of Interactive Educational Platform for the Pr
                                                                                                                                                                               omotion of Children's Health\"", "alt": ""}                 

4753  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/insights                  1        2025-03-24  SITE_SEO_title                                                2025-03-23  15          {"title": "SITE_SEO_title", "p": "Introducing our groundbrea
                                                                                                                                                                               king IT solution that redefines experiencing history, art, a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd culture by combining state-of-the-art technology, engagin
                                                                                                                                                                               g design, digital storytelling, and hands-on activities \u20
                                                                                                                                                                               14 Museum on Wheels transforms traditional displays. LPP LIT
                                                                                                                                                                               HUANIA aimed to enhance the visitor experience during the op
                                                                                                                                                                               ening of the new Sinsay store by leveraging modern, interact
                                                                                                                                                                               ive tools. The company turned to Indeform Interactive to dev
                                                                                                                                                                               elop an interactive Wheel of Fortune program. Our client has
                                                                                                                                                                                been seeking ways to encourage the younger generation to ta
                                                                                                                                                                               ke a greater interest in books. Our team at Indeform Interac
                                                                                                                                                                               tive has developed the interactive educational game \"Draugo
                                                                                                                                                                               teka,\" which is accessible on mobile devices. Lately, museu
                                                                                                                                                                               ms have actively explored and invested in digital tools as a
                                                                                                                                                                                visitor attraction strategy. XR technology is a powerful to
                                                                                                                                                                               ol for improving exhibitions and transforming their concepti
                                                                                                                                                                               on, organization, and audience engagement... With the rapid 
                                                                                                                                                                               advancement of technology, museums are becoming not only ref
                                                                                                                                                                               lections of history but also creative laboratories of techno
                                                                                                                                                                               logy. VR, AR, and MR tools are offering new ways for visitor
                                                                                                                                                                               s to interact with exhibits... Discover the dynamic world of
                                                                                                                                                                                education transformation through innovative teaching method
                                                                                                                                                                               s. Stay ahead by examining future trends such as mobile lear
                                                                                                                                                                               ning and AI integration. In today's world of innovation, pro
                                                                                                                                                                               moting diversity and inclusion is a fundamental aspect of th
                                                                                                                                                                               e growth of the technology sector. By providing mentorship o
                                                                                                                                                                               pportunities, we can make strides towards empowering women t
                                                                                                                                                                               o realize their full potential in Tech. To enhance the visit
                                                                                                                                                                               or experience, the museum aimed to modernize the partisan ex
                                                                                                                                                                               position with dynamic and interactive solutions. Additionall
                                                                                                                                                                               y, to showcase historical photographs of the partisans in an
                                                                                                                                                                                accessible and engaging way for all visitors. In cooperatio
                                                                                                                                                                               n with the exhibition curators and both foreign and local ar
                                                                                                                                                                               tists, a creative and innovative art project was developed, 
                                                                                                                                                                               which provided an interactive audiovisual journey through fo
                                                                                                                                                                               rty-two areas of Kaunas city. Discover how interactive 3D vi
                                                                                                                                                                               suals are reshaping advertising. This blog explores their un
                                                                                                                                                                               ique benefits, from personalization to global reach. See how
                                                                                                                                                                                they bridge the gap between brands and customers, revolutio
                                                                                                                                                                               nizing modern marketing. Discover how innovative technologie
                                                                                                                                                                               s are revolutionizing museum experiences. From unexpected se
                                                                                                                                                                               nsory interactions to personalized education and gamificatio
                                                                                                                                                                               n, explore the diverse ways museums are engaging visitors. I
                                                                                                                                                                               n an era where technology constantly pushes the boundaries o
                                                                                                                                                                               f human experiences, the tourism industry finds itself at th
                                                                                                                                                                               e forefront of a captivating transformation. Remarkable poss
                                                                                                                                                                               ibilities offered by VR, AR, and 360\u00b0 reshapes the tour
                                                                                                                                                                               ism landscape. Interactivity breathes life into processes, e
                                                                                                                                                                               nhances focus, and ignites a thirst for knowledge. For visit
                                                                                                                                                                               ors, it unlocks a world of sensory exploration, facilitating
                                                                                                                                                                                learning and engaging them in unconventional ways. Virtual 
                                                                                                                                                                               museum tour, created to enhance visitor experiences in a new
                                                                                                                                                                                immersive and interactive way, without the help of museum s
                                                                                                                                                                               taff. A virtual 3D avatar that interacted with the audience 
                                                                                                                                                                               in real-time at a special celebrity event An interactive and
                                                                                                                                                                                educational game produced to enhance the exhibition of the 
                                                                                                                                                                               museum and attract visitors A touch-based, interactive game 
                                                                                                                                                                               for young and old at the Raseiniai Museum An Interactive Att
                                                                                                                                                                               raction for Kids and Tourists \u2013 a Motion Controlled Ani
                                                                                                                                                                               mated legendary Knight A world-famous gym area needed an int
                                                                                                                                                                               eractive 3D online experience An engaging Kaunas Castle sieg
                                                                                                                                                                               e reenactment for Web and mobile An interactive 3D rainwater
                                                                                                                                                                                system installation instruction for Web and mobile A magic 
                                                                                                                                                                               Christmas show with an interactive talking Santa Claus proje
                                                                                                                                                                               ction on a tower. A touch-screen interactive educational gam
                                                                                                                                                                               e for kids designed to teach history and ancestry of our her
                                                                                                                                                                               itage This interactive museum tour, powered by augmented rea
                                                                                                                                                                               lity, is an innovative and engaging way to learn about the a
                                                                                                                                                                               rchitecture, culture, and activities conducted in the manor 
                                                                                                                                                                               in the 18th century. "}                                     

4754  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/ezerunas-an-inte  1        2025-03-24  Ezerunas - an Interactive Touch-Screen Game | Indeform        2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Ezerunas - an Interactive Touch-Screen Game | Ind
      ractive-touch-screen-game                                                                                                                                                eform", "h1": "Ezerunas - an Interactive Museum Touch-Screen
                                                                                                                                                                                Game", "h2": "A touch-screen interactive educational game f
                                                                                                                                                                               or kids designed to teach history and ancestry of our herita
                                                                                                                                                                               ge The Client The Problem The Solution - Ezerunas, education
                                                                                                                                                                               al game for kids Conclusion", "alt": "ezerunas app"}        

4755  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/paezeriu-manor-m  1        2025-03-24  Paezeriu Manor Museum Interactive Tour app | Indeform         2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Paezeriu Manor Museum Interactive Tour app | Inde
      useum-interactive-tour-app                                                                                                                                               form", "h1": "Paezeriu Manor 3D Interactive Museum App and T
                                                                                                                                                                               our", "h2": "This interactive museum tour, powered by augmen
                                                                                                                                                                               ted reality, is an innovative and engaging way to learn abou
                                                                                                                                                                               t the architecture, culture, and activities conducted in the
                                                                                                                                                                                manor in the 18th century. The Client - Paezeriu Manor Muse
                                                                                                                                                                               um The Solution - Interactive Museum Tour App Conclusion", "
                                                                                                                                                                               alt": "Paezeriu manor app"}                                 

4756  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/company                   1        2025-03-24  Experts in E-Commerce 3D Web Visualizations, Augmented and V  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Experts in E-Commerce 3D Web Visualizations, Augm
                                                                                         irtual Reality, Interactive 360 projects - Indeform Interact                          ented and Virtual Reality, Interactive 360 projects - Indefo
                                                                                         ive                                                                                   rm Interactive", "h2": "Creating experiences. Seeking perfec
                                                                                                                                                                               tion.", "alt": "", "p": "We are a company that seeks to crea
                                                                                                                                                                               te and share immersive experiences, power-up businesses with
                                                                                                                                                                                quality interactive e-commerce services and products, augme
                                                                                                                                                                               nted reality, virtual reality, media installations and shows
                                                                                                                                                                               . We focus on the development of interactive solutions, whic
                                                                                                                                                                               h contribute to our clients\u2019 success in engaging custom
                                                                                                                                                                               ers and reaching new markets. We work with startups, establi
                                                                                                                                                                               shed businesses and the world\u2019s leading brands from the
                                                                                                                                                                                US, Canada, UK and other European countries. We pay the sam
                                                                                                                                                                               e regard to our work, team and our customer. Our work ethics
                                                                                                                                                                                and company culture is based on crucial core values. Becaus
                                                                                                                                                                               e you will be part of a team which builds a transparent and 
                                                                                                                                                                               friendly work environment. A team, in which every member sha
                                                                                                                                                                               res expectations, keeps a promise to a friend, supports each
                                                                                                                                                                                other to get things going, seeks ambitious goals, shares ac
                                                                                                                                                                               hievements, good times and hard times. Because you will be p
                                                                                                                                                                               art of a team for which it is important what they do. From a
                                                                                                                                                                                small step to a big leap \u2013 we aim to create global cha
                                                                                                                                                                               nges and make things better and happier. Because you will be
                                                                                                                                                                                part of a team which fosters a culture of creativity and lo
                                                                                                                                                                               ves to explore and create magic. Because you will part of a 
                                                                                                                                                                               team which seeks to be perfect \u2013 at least nearly perfec
                                                                                                                                                                               t \u2013 in the things they do. I enjoy working at Indeform 
                                                                                                                                                                               as I always get to challenge myself with something new. The 
                                                                                                                                                                               whole crew is very fun and supportive, so the atmosphere is 
                                                                                                                                                                               great, but you also make results. "}                        

4757  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/contact-us                1        2025-03-24                                                                2025-03-23  15          {"h2": "Call us Our office Email Us Company info"}          

4758  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/privacy-policy            1        2025-03-24                                                                2025-03-23  15          {"h1": "PRIVACY POLICY", "h2": "SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS TABLE 
                                                                                                                                                                               OF CONTENTS 1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? 2. HOW DO WE 
                                                                                                                                                                               PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? 3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON 
                                                                                                                                                                               TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? 4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHA
                                                                                                                                                                               RE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER
                                                                                                                                                                                TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES? 6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMAT
                                                                                                                                                                               ION? 7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? 8. DO WE COLLE
                                                                                                                                                                               CT INFORMATION FROM MINORS? 9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
                                                                                                                                                                                10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES 11. DO WE MAKE UPDAT
                                                                                                                                                                               ES TO THIS NOTICE? 12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOT
                                                                                                                                                                               ICE? 13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE C
                                                                                                                                                                               OLLECT FROM YOU?", "h3": "Information automatically collecte
                                                                                                                                                                               d Information collected from other sources Google Analytics"
                                                                                                                                                                               , "p": "This Privacy Notice for Indeform (\" we ,\" \" us ,\
                                                                                                                                                                               " or \" our \"), describes how and why we might access, \n  
                                                                                                                                                                                         collect, store, use, and/or share (\" process \") 
                                                                                                                                                                               your personal information when you use our services (\" Serv
                                                                                                                                                                               ices \"), including when you: Questions or concerns? Reading
                                                                                                                                                                                this Privacy Notice will help you understand your privacy r
                                                                                                                                                                               ights and choices. \n            We are responsible for maki
                                                                                                                                                                               ng decisions about how your personal information is processe
                                                                                                                                                                               d. \n            If you do not agree with our policies and p
                                                                                                                                                                               ractices, please do not use our Services. \n            If y
                                                                                                                                                                               ou still have any questions or concerns, please contact us a
                                                                                                                                                                               t contact@indeform.com. This summary provides key points fro
                                                                                                                                                                               m our Privacy Notice, but you can find out more details \n  
                                                                                                                                                                                         about any of these topics by clicking the link fol
                                                                                                                                                                               lowing each key point or by using our table \n            of
                                                                                                                                                                                contents below to find the section you are looking for. Wha
                                                                                                                                                                               t personal information do we process? When you visit, use, o
                                                                                                                                                                               r navigate our Services, we may process personal information
                                                                                                                                                                                depending on how you \n            interact with us and the
                                                                                                                                                                                Services, the choices you make, and the products and featur
                                                                                                                                                                               es you use. Do we process any sensitive personal information
                                                                                                                                                                               ? Some of the information may be considered \"special\" or \
                                                                                                                                                                               "sensitive\" in certain jurisdictions, \n            for exa
                                                                                                                                                                               mple your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation, and 
                                                                                                                                                                               religious beliefs. \n            We do not process sensitive
                                                                                                                                                                                personal information. Do we collect any information from th
                                                                                                                                                                               ird parties? We may collect information from public database
                                                                                                                                                                               s, marketing partners, \n            social media platforms,
                                                                                                                                                                                and other outside sources. How do we process your informati
                                                                                                                                                                               on? We process your information to provide, improve, \n     
                                                                                                                                                                                      and administer our Services, communicate with you, fo
                                                                                                                                                                               r security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. \n 
                                                                                                                                                                                          We may also process your information for other pu
                                                                                                                                                                               rposes with your consent. \n            We process your info
                                                                                                                                                                               rmation only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. In 
                                                                                                                                                                               what situations and with which types of parties do we share 
                                                                                                                                                                               personal information? We may share information in specific s
                                                                                                                                                                               ituations and with specific categories of third parties. \n 
                                                                                                                                                                                          Learn more about when and with whom we share your
                                                                                                                                                                                personal information. How do we keep your information safe?
                                                                                                                                                                                We have adequate organizational and technical processes and
                                                                                                                                                                                procedures in place \n            to protect your personal 
                                                                                                                                                                               information. However, no electronic transmission over \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                       the internet or information storage technology can b
                                                                                                                                                                               e guaranteed to be 100% secure, \n            so we cannot p
                                                                                                                                                                               romise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other u
                                                                                                                                                                               nauthorized \n            third parties will not be able to 
                                                                                                                                                                               defeat our security and improperly collect, \n            ac
                                                                                                                                                                               cess, steal, or modify your information. What are your right
                                                                                                                                                                               s? Depending on where you are located geographically, the ap
                                                                                                                                                                               plicable privacy law may \n            mean you have certain
                                                                                                                                                                                rights regarding your personal information. How do you exer
                                                                                                                                                                               cise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is
                                                                                                                                                                                by submitting a data subject access request, \n            
                                                                                                                                                                               or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any reque
                                                                                                                                                                               st in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Want 
                                                                                                                                                                               to learn more about what we do with any information we colle
                                                                                                                                                                               ct? Review the Privacy Notice in full. We collect personal i
                                                                                                                                                                               nformation that you voluntarily provide to us when \n       
                                                                                                                                                                                    you express an interest in obtaining information about 
                                                                                                                                                                               us or our products and Services, \n            when you part
                                                                                                                                                                               icipate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you
                                                                                                                                                                                contact us. Personal Information Provided by You. The perso
                                                                                                                                                                               nal information that we collect depends on the context of yo
                                                                                                                                                                               ur interactions with us and the Services, \n            the 
                                                                                                                                                                               choices you make, and the products and features you use. The
                                                                                                                                                                                personal information we collect may include the following: 
                                                                                                                                                                               Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive informati
                                                                                                                                                                               on. All personal information that you provide to us must be 
                                                                                                                                                                               true, complete, and accurate, \n            and you must not
                                                                                                                                                                               ify us of any changes to such personal information. In Short
                                                                                                                                                                               : Some information \u2014 such as your Internet Protocol (IP
                                                                                                                                                                               ) \n            address and/or browser and device characteri
                                                                                                                                                                               stics \u2014 is collected automatically when you visit our S
                                                                                                                                                                               ervices. We automatically collect certain information when y
                                                                                                                                                                               ou visit, use, or navigate the Services. \n            This 
                                                                                                                                                                               information does not reveal your specific identity (like you
                                                                                                                                                                               r name or contact information) \n            but may include
                                                                                                                                                                                device and usage information, such as your IP address, brow
                                                                                                                                                                               ser and device characteristics, \n            operating syst
                                                                                                                                                                               em, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, count
                                                                                                                                                                               ry, location, \n            information about how and when y
                                                                                                                                                                               ou use our Services, and other technical information. \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                       This information is primarily needed to maintain the
                                                                                                                                                                                security and operation of our Services, \n            and f
                                                                                                                                                                               or our internal analytics and reporting purposes. Like many 
                                                                                                                                                                               businesses, we also collect information through cookies and 
                                                                                                                                                                               similar technologies. The information we collect includes: I
                                                                                                                                                                               n Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, 
                                                                                                                                                                               marketing partners, and other outside sources. In order to e
                                                                                                                                                                               nhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, an
                                                                                                                                                                               d services to you and update our records, \n            we m
                                                                                                                                                                               ay obtain information about you from other sources, such as 
                                                                                                                                                                               public databases, joint marketing partners, \n            af
                                                                                                                                                                               filiate programs, data providers, and from other third parti
                                                                                                                                                                               es. This information includes mailing addresses, \n         
                                                                                                                                                                                  job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (
                                                                                                                                                                               or user behavior data), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, \n
                                                                                                                                                                                           social media profiles, social media URLs, and cu
                                                                                                                                                                               stom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising and even
                                                                                                                                                                               t promotion. In Short: We process your information to provid
                                                                                                                                                                               e, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with yo
                                                                                                                                                                               u, \n            for security and fraud prevention, and to c
                                                                                                                                                                               omply with law. We may also process \n            your infor
                                                                                                                                                                               mation for other purposes with your consent. We process your
                                                                                                                                                                                personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on
                                                                                                                                                                                how you interact with our Services, including: In Short: We
                                                                                                                                                                                only process your personal information when we believe it i
                                                                                                                                                                               s necessary and we have a valid legal \n            reason (
                                                                                                                                                                               i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with 
                                                                                                                                                                               your consent, to comply with laws, \n            to provide 
                                                                                                                                                                               you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual o
                                                                                                                                                                               bligations, to protect your rights, \n            or to fulf
                                                                                                                                                                               ill our legitimate business interests. The General Data Prot
                                                                                                                                                                               ection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain t
                                                                                                                                                                               he valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your per
                                                                                                                                                                               sonal information. \n            As such, we may rely on the
                                                                                                                                                                                following legal bases to process your personal information:
                                                                                                                                                                                In Short: We may share information in specific situations d
                                                                                                                                                                               escribed in this section and/or with the following categorie
                                                                                                                                                                               s of third parties. Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Pa
                                                                                                                                                                               rty Service Providers. We may share your data with third-par
                                                                                                                                                                               ty vendors, \n            service providers, contractors, or
                                                                                                                                                                                agents (\"third parties\") who perform services for us or o
                                                                                                                                                                               n \n            our behalf and require access to such inform
                                                                                                                                                                               ation to do that work. \n            We have contracts in pl
                                                                                                                                                                               ace with our third parties, which are designed to help \n   
                                                                                                                                                                                        safeguard your personal information. This means tha
                                                                                                                                                                               t they cannot do anything with your \n            personal i
                                                                                                                                                                               nformation unless we have instructed them to do it. They wil
                                                                                                                                                                               l also not share \n            your personal information wit
                                                                                                                                                                               h any organization apart from us. They also commit to \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                       protect the data they hold on our behalf and to reta
                                                                                                                                                                               in it for the period we instruct. The categories of third pa
                                                                                                                                                                               rties we may share personal information with are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                We also may need to share your personal information in the 
                                                                                                                                                                               following situations: In Short: We may use cookies and other
                                                                                                                                                                                tracking technologies to collect and store your information
                                                                                                                                                                               . We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like
                                                                                                                                                                                web beacons and pixels) to gather \n                informa
                                                                                                                                                                               tion when you interact with our Services. Some online tracki
                                                                                                                                                                               ng technologies help us \n                maintain the secur
                                                                                                                                                                               ity of our Services, prevent crashes, fix bugs, save your pr
                                                                                                                                                                               eferences, \n                and assist with basic site func
                                                                                                                                                                               tions. We also permit third parties and service providers to
                                                                                                                                                                                use online tracking technologies on our \n                S
                                                                                                                                                                               ervices for analytics and advertising, including to help man
                                                                                                                                                                               age and display advertisements, \n                to tailor 
                                                                                                                                                                               advertisements to your interests, or to send abandoned shopp
                                                                                                                                                                               ing cart reminders \n                (depending on your comm
                                                                                                                                                                               unication preferences). The third parties and service provid
                                                                                                                                                                               ers use \n                their technology to provide advert
                                                                                                                                                                               ising about products and services tailored to your \n       
                                                                                                                                                                                        interests which may appear either on our Services o
                                                                                                                                                                               r on other websites. Specific information about how we use s
                                                                                                                                                                               uch technologies and how you can \n                refuse ce
                                                                                                                                                                               rtain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice. We may share 
                                                                                                                                                                               your information with Google Analytics to track and analyze 
                                                                                                                                                                               the use of the Services. \n                The Google Analyt
                                                                                                                                                                               ics Advertising Features that we may use include: Google Ana
                                                                                                                                                                               lytics \n                Demographics and Interests Reportin
                                                                                                                                                                               g, Remarketing with Google Analytics and Google \n          
                                                                                                                                                                                     Display Network Impressions Reporting. To opt out of b
                                                                                                                                                                               eing tracked by Google Analytics \n                across th
                                                                                                                                                                               e Services, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
                                                                                                                                                                                You can opt out of Google Analytics \n                Adver
                                                                                                                                                                               tising Features through Ads Settings and Ad Settings for mob
                                                                                                                                                                               ile apps. Other opt out means \n                include http
                                                                                                                                                                               ://optout.networkadvertising.org/ and http://www.networkadve
                                                                                                                                                                               rtising.org/mobile-choice . For \n                more infor
                                                                                                                                                                               mation on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the 
                                                                                                                                                                               Google Privacy & Terms page . In Short: We keep your informa
                                                                                                                                                                               tion for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                           outlined in this Privacy Notice unless otherwise
                                                                                                                                                                                required by law. We will only keep your personal informatio
                                                                                                                                                                               n for as long as it is necessary \n                for the p
                                                                                                                                                                               urposes set out in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer rete
                                                                                                                                                                               ntion \n                period is required or permitted by l
                                                                                                                                                                               aw (such as tax, accounting, \n                or other lega
                                                                                                                                                                               l requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business
                                                                                                                                                                                need to process your personal \n                information
                                                                                                                                                                               , we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, i
                                                                                                                                                                               f this \n                is not possible (for example, becau
                                                                                                                                                                               se your personal information has been \n                stor
                                                                                                                                                                               ed in backup archives), then we will securely store your per
                                                                                                                                                                               sonal information \n                and isolate it from any 
                                                                                                                                                                               further processing until deletion is possible. In Short: We 
                                                                                                                                                                               aim to protect your personal information through a system of
                                                                                                                                                                                organizational and technical security measures. We have imp
                                                                                                                                                                               lemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizati
                                                                                                                                                                               onal \n                security measures designed to protect
                                                                                                                                                                                the security of any personal information we process. \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                           However, despite our safeguards and efforts to s
                                                                                                                                                                               ecure your information, \n                no electronic tran
                                                                                                                                                                               smission over the Internet or information storage technology
                                                                                                                                                                                \n                can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so w
                                                                                                                                                                               e cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, \n              
                                                                                                                                                                                 cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will n
                                                                                                                                                                               ot be able to defeat our \n                security and impr
                                                                                                                                                                               operly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. \
                                                                                                                                                                               n                Although we will do our best to protect you
                                                                                                                                                                               r personal information, transmission of \n                pe
                                                                                                                                                                               rsonal information to and from our Services is at your own r
                                                                                                                                                                               isk. \n                You should only access the Services w
                                                                                                                                                                               ithin a secure environment. In Short: We do not knowingly co
                                                                                                                                                                               llect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
                                                                                                                                                                                We do not knowingly collect, solicit data from, or market t
                                                                                                                                                                               o children under 18 years of age, \n                nor do w
                                                                                                                                                                               e knowingly sell such personal information. By using the Ser
                                                                                                                                                                               vices, you represent \n                that you are at least
                                                                                                                                                                                18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd consent \n                to such minor dependent\u2019s 
                                                                                                                                                                               use of the Services. If we learn that personal information f
                                                                                                                                                                               rom \n                users less than 18 years of age has be
                                                                                                                                                                               en collected, we will deactivate the account and \n         
                                                                                                                                                                                      take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data
                                                                                                                                                                                from our records. \n                If you become aware of 
                                                                                                                                                                               any data we may have collected from children under age 18, \
                                                                                                                                                                               n                please contact us at contact@indeform.com. 
                                                                                                                                                                               In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Are
                                                                                                                                                                               a (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), \n                and Switzerl
                                                                                                                                                                               and, you have rights that allow you greater access to and co
                                                                                                                                                                               ntrol over your personal information. \n                You 
                                                                                                                                                                               may review, change, or terminate your account at any time, \
                                                                                                                                                                               n                depending on your country, province, or sta
                                                                                                                                                                               te of residence. In some regions (like the EEA, UK, and Swit
                                                                                                                                                                               zerland), you have certain rights under applicable data prot
                                                                                                                                                                               ection laws. \n                These may include the right (
                                                                                                                                                                               i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal info
                                                                                                                                                                               rmation, \n                (ii) to request rectification or 
                                                                                                                                                                               erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal i
                                                                                                                                                                               nformation; \n                (iv) if applicable, to data po
                                                                                                                                                                               rtability; and (v) not to be subject to automated decision-m
                                                                                                                                                                               aking. \n                In certain circumstances, you may a
                                                                                                                                                                               lso have the right to object to the processing of your \n   
                                                                                                                                                                                            personal information. You can make such a reque
                                                                                                                                                                               st by contacting us by using \n                the contact d
                                                                                                                                                                               etails provided in the section \"HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOU
                                                                                                                                                                               T THIS NOTICE?\" below. We will consider and act upon any re
                                                                                                                                                                               quest in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If
                                                                                                                                                                                you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unl
                                                                                                                                                                               awfully processing your personal information, \n            
                                                                                                                                                                                   you also have the right to complain to your Member State
                                                                                                                                                                                data protection authority or UK data protection authority .
                                                                                                                                                                                If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the Fede
                                                                                                                                                                               ral Data Protection and Information Commissioner. Withdrawin
                                                                                                                                                                               g your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process
                                                                                                                                                                                your personal information, \n                you have the r
                                                                                                                                                                               ight to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw 
                                                                                                                                                                               your consent \n                at any time by contacting us 
                                                                                                                                                                               by using the contact details provided in the section \n     
                                                                                                                                                                                          \"HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?\" bel
                                                                                                                                                                               ow. However, please note that this will not affect the lawfu
                                                                                                                                                                               lness of the processing before its \n                withdra
                                                                                                                                                                               wal nor, will it affect the processing of your personal info
                                                                                                                                                                               rmation conducted \n                in reliance on lawful pr
                                                                                                                                                                               ocessing grounds other than consent. Cookies and similar tec
                                                                                                                                                                               hnologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by de
                                                                                                                                                                               fault. \n                If you prefer, you can usually choo
                                                                                                                                                                               se to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cooki
                                                                                                                                                                               es. \n                If you choose to remove cookies or rej
                                                                                                                                                                               ect cookies, this could affect certain features or services 
                                                                                                                                                                               of our Services. If you have questions or comments about you
                                                                                                                                                                               r privacy rights, you may email us at contact@indeform.com. 
                                                                                                                                                                               Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobi
                                                                                                                                                                               le \n                applications include a Do-Not-Track (\"
                                                                                                                                                                               DNT\") feature or setting you can \n                activate
                                                                                                                                                                                to signal your privacy preference not to have data about yo
                                                                                                                                                                               ur \n                online browsing activities monitored an
                                                                                                                                                                               d collected. At this stage, no \n                uniform tec
                                                                                                                                                                               hnology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT \n    
                                                                                                                                                                                           signals has been finalized. As such, we do not c
                                                                                                                                                                               urrently respond to \n                DNT browser signals or
                                                                                                                                                                                any other mechanism that automatically \n                co
                                                                                                                                                                               mmunicates your choice not to be tracked online. \n         
                                                                                                                                                                                      If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we 
                                                                                                                                                                               must \n                follow in the future, we will inform 
                                                                                                                                                                               you about that \n                practice in a revised versi
                                                                                                                                                                               on of this Privacy Notice. In Short: Yes, we will update thi
                                                                                                                                                                               s notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. 
                                                                                                                                                                               We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. \n     
                                                                                                                                                                                              The updated version will be indicated by an u
                                                                                                                                                                               pdated \"Revised\" date at the top \n                    of 
                                                                                                                                                                               this Privacy Notice. If we make material changes to this Pri
                                                                                                                                                                               vacy Notice, \n                    we may notify you either 
                                                                                                                                                                               by prominently posting a notice of such changes or \n       
                                                                                                                                                                                            by directly sending you a notification. We enco
                                                                                                                                                                               urage you to review this \n                    Privacy Notic
                                                                                                                                                                               e frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your in
                                                                                                                                                                               formation. If you have questions or comments about this noti
                                                                                                                                                                               ce, you may email us at contact@indeform.com or contact us b
                                                                                                                                                                               y post at: Indeform K. Petrausko st. 26 Kaunas, Lithuania, L
                                                                                                                                                                               T-44156 Based on the applicable laws of your country, you ma
                                                                                                                                                                               y have the right to request \n                    access to 
                                                                                                                                                                               the personal information we collect from you, details about 
                                                                                                                                                                               how \n                    we have processed it, correct inac
                                                                                                                                                                               curacies, or delete your personal information. \n           
                                                                                                                                                                                        You may also have the right to withdraw your consen
                                                                                                                                                                               t to our processing of your \n                    personal i
                                                                                                                                                                               nformation. These rights may be limited in some circumstance
                                                                                                                                                                               s by applicable law. \n                    To request to rev
                                                                                                                                                                               iew, update, or delete your personal information, please con
                                                                                                                                                                               tact us: contact@indeform.com. Visit our website or any webs
                                                                                                                                                                               ite of ours that links to this Privacy Notice; Engage with u
                                                                                                                                                                               s in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or 
                                                                                                                                                                               events. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? HOW DO WE PROCESS YO
                                                                                                                                                                               UR INFORMATION? WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YO
                                                                                                                                                                               UR PERSONAL INFORMATION? WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR
                                                                                                                                                                                PERSONAL INFORMATION? DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING 
                                                                                                                                                                               TECHNOLOGIES? HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION? HOW DO W
                                                                                                                                                                               E KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM
                                                                                                                                                                                MINORS? WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-T
                                                                                                                                                                               RACK FEATURES DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE? HOW CAN YOU
                                                                                                                                                                                CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, O
                                                                                                                                                                               R DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU? names phone numbers e
                                                                                                                                                                               mail addresses job titles contact preferences city external 
                                                                                                                                                                               id zip code state gender date of birth country Log and usage
                                                                                                                                                                                data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, \n             
                                                                                                                                                                                  and performance information our servers automatically col
                                                                                                                                                                               lect when you access or use our \n                Services a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd which we record in log files. Depending on how you intera
                                                                                                                                                                               ct with us, this log \n                data may include your
                                                                                                                                                                                IP address, device information, browser type, and settings 
                                                                                                                                                                               and information \n                about your activity in the
                                                                                                                                                                                Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your
                                                                                                                                                                                usage, \n                pages and files viewed, searches, 
                                                                                                                                                                               and other actions you take such as which features you use), 
                                                                                                                                                                               \n                device event information (such as system a
                                                                                                                                                                               ctivity, error reports (sometimes called \"crash dumps\"), \
                                                                                                                                                                               n                and hardware settings). We collect device d
                                                                                                                                                                               ata such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, 
                                                                                                                                                                               \n                or other device you use to access the Serv
                                                                                                                                                                               ices. Depending on the device used, this device data may \n 
                                                                                                                                                                                              include information such as your IP address (
                                                                                                                                                                               or proxy server), device and application identification \n  
                                                                                                                                                                                             numbers, location, browser type, hardware mode
                                                                                                                                                                               l, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, \n      
                                                                                                                                                                                         operating system, and system configuration informa
                                                                                                                                                                               tion. We collect location data such as information about you
                                                                                                                                                                               r device's location, \n                which can be either p
                                                                                                                                                                               recise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends
                                                                                                                                                                                on the type \n                and settings of the device yo
                                                                                                                                                                               u use to access the Services. For example, we may use GPS an
                                                                                                                                                                               d other \n                technologies to collect geolocatio
                                                                                                                                                                               n data that tells us your current location (based on your IP
                                                                                                                                                                                address). \n                You can opt out of allowing us 
                                                                                                                                                                               to collect this information either by refusing access to the
                                                                                                                                                                                information \n                or by disabling your Location
                                                                                                                                                                                setting on your device. However, if you choose to opt out, 
                                                                                                                                                                               you may not \n                be able to use certain aspects
                                                                                                                                                                                of the Services. We may process your information to provide
                                                                                                                                                                                you with the requested service. We may process your informa
                                                                                                                                                                               tion to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential is
                                                                                                                                                                               sues you might have with the requested service. We may proce
                                                                                                                                                                               ss your information to send you details about our products a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd services, changes to our terms and policies, and other si
                                                                                                                                                                               milar information. We may process your information when nece
                                                                                                                                                                               ssary to request feedback and to contact you about your use 
                                                                                                                                                                               of our Services. We may process your information to develop 
                                                                                                                                                                               and display personalized content and advertising tailored to
                                                                                                                                                                                your interests, location, and more. We may process your inf
                                                                                                                                                                               ormation as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe an
                                                                                                                                                                               d secure, including fraud monitoring and prevention. We may 
                                                                                                                                                                               process information about how you use our Services to better
                                                                                                                                                                                understand how they are being used so we can improve them. 
                                                                                                                                                                               We may process your information to better understand how to 
                                                                                                                                                                               provide marketing and promotional campaigns that are most re
                                                                                                                                                                               levant to you. We may process your information when necessar
                                                                                                                                                                               y to save or protect an individual\u2019s vital interest, su
                                                                                                                                                                               ch as to prevent harm. We may process your information if yo
                                                                                                                                                                               u have given us permission \n                    (i.e., cons
                                                                                                                                                                               ent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose
                                                                                                                                                                               . \n                    You can withdraw your consent at any
                                                                                                                                                                                time. We may process your personal information when we \n  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 believe it is necessary to fulfill our con
                                                                                                                                                                               tractual obligations to you, \n                    including
                                                                                                                                                                                providing our Services or at your request prior to entering
                                                                                                                                                                                into a contract with you. We may process your information w
                                                                                                                                                                               hen we believe it \n                    is reasonably necess
                                                                                                                                                                               ary to achieve our legitimate business interests and those \
                                                                                                                                                                               n                    interests do not outweigh your interest
                                                                                                                                                                               s and fundamental rights and freedoms. \n                   
                                                                                                                                                                                For example, we may process your personal information for s
                                                                                                                                                                               ome of the purposes described in order to: Develop and displ
                                                                                                                                                                               ay personalized and relevant advertising content for our use
                                                                                                                                                                               rs Analyze how our Services are used so we can improve them 
                                                                                                                                                                               to engage and retain users Support our marketing activities 
                                                                                                                                                                               Diagnose problems and/or prevent fraudulent activities Under
                                                                                                                                                                               stand how our users use our products and services so we can 
                                                                                                                                                                               improve user experience We may process your information wher
                                                                                                                                                                               e we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal o
                                                                                                                                                                               bligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body
                                                                                                                                                                                or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, 
                                                                                                                                                                               or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in wh
                                                                                                                                                                               ich we are involved. We may process your information where w
                                                                                                                                                                               e believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or
                                                                                                                                                                                the vital interests of a third party, such as situations in
                                                                                                                                                                               volving potential threats to the safety of any person. Data 
                                                                                                                                                                               Analytics Services Ad Networks Retargeting Platforms Sales &
                                                                                                                                                                                Marketing Tools Social Networks We may share or transfer yo
                                                                                                                                                                               ur information in connection with, \n                    or 
                                                                                                                                                                               during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, 
                                                                                                                                                                               financing, or \n                    acquisition of all or a 
                                                                                                                                                                               portion of our business to another company."}               

4759  https://www.indeformtechnologies.com/projects/38/saas-plator  1        2025-03-24                                                                2025-03-23  15          {"p": "We are sorry, but page you are looking for no longer 
      m-medical-implants-designer                                                                                                                                              exist (404). Click on the menu above to find the right one y
                                                                                                                                                                               ou are looking for."}                                       

4760  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/projects/4/interactive-3  1        2025-03-24                                                                2025-03-23  15          {"p": "We are sorry, but page you are looking for no longer 
      d-web-virtual-clothing-customizer-e-commerce-virtual-clothin                                                                                                             exist (404). Click on the menu above to find the right one y
      g-customizer                                                                                                                                                             ou are looking for."}                                       

4761  https://www.indeformtechnologies.com/projects/3/cloud-powere  1        2025-03-24                                                                2025-03-23  15          {"p": "We are sorry, but page you are looking for no longer 
      d-3d-cad-designer-integrated-with-e-commerce-product-catalog                                                                                                             exist (404). Click on the menu above to find the right one y
      ues-checkout-and-shipping                                                                                                                                                ou are looking for."}                                       

4762  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/projects/5/interactive-3  1        2025-03-24                                                                2025-03-23  15          {"p": "We are sorry, but page you are looking for no longer 
      d-webgl-jewelry-customizer                                                                                                                                               exist (404). Click on the menu above to find the right one y
                                                                                                                                                                               ou are looking for."}                                       

4763  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/new-holland-t5070-in  1        2025-03-24  New Holland T5070 in 3D Visual Presentation | Indeform        2025-03-23  15          {"title": "New Holland T5070 in 3D Visual Presentation | Ind
      -3d-visual-presentation                                                                                                                                                  eform", "h1": "New Holland T5070 in 3D visual presentation",
                                                                                                                                                                                "h2": "An animated 3D visual presentation of the tractor Ne
                                                                                                                                                                               w Holland T5070 The Client The Problem The Solution - Visual
                                                                                                                                                                                3D Presentation Conclusion", "alt": "NEW HOLLAND T5070"}   

4764  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/3d-house-visualizati  1        2025-03-24  3D House Visualization | Indeform                             2025-03-23  15          {"title": "3D House Visualization | Indeform", "h1": "An ani
      on                                                                                                                                                                       mated 3D house visualization", "h2": "3D real estate visuali
                                                                                                                                                                               zation displaying economical, energy-saving, and thermo-cont
                                                                                                                                                                               rol features The Problem The Solution - 3D House Visualizati
                                                                                                                                                                               on Conclusion", "alt": "3d house visualization"}            

4765  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/3D-product-visualiza  1        2025-03-24  Professional 3D product visualizations for packaging company  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Professional 3D product visualizations for packag
      tions-for-more-efficient-marketing-and-sales                                        Bigso Box                                                                            ing company Bigso Box", "h1": "3D product visualizations - B
                                                                                                                                                                               igso Box premium packaging", "h2": "High-quality 3D product 
                                                                                                                                                                               visualizations for premium packaging company Bigso Box The C
                                                                                                                                                                               lient The problem The Solution Value added Summing up Used T
                                                                                                                                                                               echnologies Services", "alt": "3D visualization of the packa
                                                                                                                                                                               ging", "li": "Created photorealistic, high-quality visualiza
                                                                                                                                                                               tions that reflect the actual size, texture, shape, color, a
                                                                                                                                                                               nd other important product characteristics; The process auto
                                                                                                                                                                               mation has ensured time and resource savings by enabling qui
                                                                                                                                                                               ck updates for changes in product parameters, colors, or tex
                                                                                                                                                                               tures; The efficient reuse of created materials and textures
                                                                                                                                                                                speeds up product visualization and optimizes resource allo
                                                                                                                                                                               cation; 3D visualizations provided additional opportunities 
                                                                                                                                                                               to present products in an appealing, aesthetic, and professi
                                                                                                                                                                               onal manner, enhancing sales promotion. Blender"}           

4766  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/automated-explanator  1        2025-03-24  Automated device control menu with explanatory animations     2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Automated device control menu with explanatory an
      y-user-interface-device-management-menu                                                                                                                                  imations", "h1": "Automated multilanguage user interface wit
                                                                                                                                                                               h integrated explanatory animations", "h2": "Automated multi
                                                                                                                                                                               language user interface (UI/UX) with integrated explanatory 
                                                                                                                                                                               animations for water ionisation devices The Client The Probl
                                                                                                                                                                               em The Solution Value Added Final words Used Technologies Se
                                                                                                                                                                               rvices", "alt": "", "li": "The thoughtfully designed control
                                                                                                                                                                                menu guarantees a delightful customer experience and convey
                                                                                                                                                                               s a polished brand image; The inclusion of informative anima
                                                                                                                                                                               tions significantly enhanced the user experience by effectiv
                                                                                                                                                                               ely conveying device usage instructions; Automation solution
                                                                                                                                                                               s have significantly enhanced the efficiency of making corre
                                                                                                                                                                               ctions and improvements to the user interface. These solutio
                                                                                                                                                                               ns enable seamless integration of new languages, navigation 
                                                                                                                                                                               branches, and the ability to convert different formats, all 
                                                                                                                                                                               in a quick and efficient manner. Blender"}                  

4767  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/3D-product-visualiza  1        2025-03-24  3D product visualizations for ventilation system company SAL  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "3D product visualizations for ventilation system 
      tions-for-SALDA                                                                    DA                                                                                    company SALDA", "h1": "Professional 3D product visualization
                                                                                                                                                                               s for SALDA", "h2": "Photorealistic 3D product visualization
                                                                                                                                                                               s for ventilation system company SALDA The Client The Proble
                                                                                                                                                                               m The Solution Value Added Final words Used Technologies Ser
                                                                                                                                                                               vices", "alt": "", "li": "High-resolution, photorealistic 3D
                                                                                                                                                                                visualizations ensure accurate and visually appealing produ
                                                                                                                                                                               ct presentation; Application of 3D-printed materials to exis
                                                                                                                                                                               ting or new products optimizes manufacturer resources by sav
                                                                                                                                                                               ing time and money; Efficient creation of high-quality visua
                                                                                                                                                                               lizations ensures quick response to market changes. Blender"
                                                                                                                                                                               }                                                           

4768  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/high-quality-explana  1        2025-03-24  High quality explanatory animations and 3D visualizations     2025-03-23  15          {"title": "High quality explanatory animations and 3D visual
      tory-animations-video-instructions-and-3d-product-visualizat                                                                                                             izations", "h1": "Explanatory animations and 3D visualizatio
      ions                                                                                                                                                                     ns for the modern \"Respo\" water ionization tap", "h2": "Ex
                                                                                                                                                                               planatory animations and 3D visualizations for the water ion
                                                                                                                                                                               ization company Burbuliukas & Co The problem The Solution Va
                                                                                                                                                                               lue Added Final words Technologies used Services", "alt": ""
                                                                                                                                                                               , "li": ". Clear, easy-to-follow instructions for installati
                                                                                                                                                                               on and maintenance are provided through step-by-step animati
                                                                                                                                                                               ons, ensuring proper unit installation and upkeep as recomme
                                                                                                                                                                               nded by the manufacturer. . Visual instructions are essentia
                                                                                                                                                                               l for ensuring that users correctly understand the steps for
                                                                                                                                                                                installing or maintaining the product. Additionally, explan
                                                                                                                                                                               atory animations offer the opportunity to review the instruc
                                                                                                                                                                               tions repeatedly, guaranteeing that specific steps are follo
                                                                                                                                                                               wed. . Visual information is absorbed more rapidly by consum
                                                                                                                                                                               ers compared to textual tools. . Explanatory animations are 
                                                                                                                                                                               essential for providing a user-friendly experience by simpli
                                                                                                                                                                               fying the presentation of device installation and maintenanc
                                                                                                                                                                               e. . The use of high-quality, photorealistic visualizations 
                                                                                                                                                                               and explanatory animations effectively showcases the key pro
                                                                                                                                                                               duct features, establishing a sophisticated product image. B
                                                                                                                                                                               lender"}                                                    

4769  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/crow-and-cheese       1        2025-03-24  Animated fairy tale "The Crow and Cheese"                     2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Animated fairy tale \"The Crow and Cheese\"", "h1
                                                                                                                                                                               ": "The crow and cheese", "h2": "An Animated Cartoon About a
                                                                                                                                                                               n Arrogant Crow and a Cunning Fox", "alt": "crow and cheese"
                                                                                                                                                                               }                                                           

4770  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/gosling-swam-across-  1        2025-03-24  "Gosling Swam Across the Pond" Nursery Rhme | Indeform        2025-03-23  15          {"title": "\"Gosling Swam Across the Pond\" Nursery Rhme | I
      the-pond                                                                                                                                                                 ndeform", "h1": "A gosling swam across the pond", "h2": "It\
                                                                                                                                                                               u2019s time to go to school with a gosling", "alt": "animate
                                                                                                                                                                               d school bus"}                                              

4771  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/here-came-the-timid-  1        2025-03-24  "Here Came the Timid Deer" Fairy Tale | Indeform              2025-03-23  15          {"title": "\"Here Came the Timid Deer\" Fairy Tale | Indefor
      deer                                                                                                                                                                     m", "h1": "Here came the timid deer", "h2": "Here came the t
                                                                                                                                                                               imid deer and here came magical Lithuanian Christmas", "alt"
                                                                                                                                                                               : "baby blacksmith"}                                        

4772  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/what-a-horse          1        2025-03-24  "What a Horse" Nursery Rhyme | Indeform                       2025-03-23  15          {"title": "\"What a Horse\" Nursery Rhyme | Indeform", "h1":
                                                                                                                                                                                "What a horse", "h2": "A beautiful animated song about a ha
                                                                                                                                                                               ppy horse going back home", "alt": "animated horse"}        

4773  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/sparrow-sparrow       1        2025-03-24  "Sparrow! Sparrow!" Nursery Rhyme | Indeform                  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "\"Sparrow! Sparrow!\" Nursery Rhyme | Indeform", 
                                                                                                                                                                               "h1": "Sparrow, sparrow", "h2": "An educational animated nur
                                                                                                                                                                               sery rhyme for kids about a little sparrow", "alt": "animate
                                                                                                                                                                               d sparrow"}                                                 

4774  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/3D-visualizations-ex  1        2025-03-24  3D visualizations, explainer animations and animated video c  2025-03-23  15          {"title": "3D visualizations, explainer animations and anima
      plainer-animation-animated-video-commercial                                        ommercials                                                                            ted video commercials", "h1": "3D product visualizations, ex
                                                                                                                                                                               plainer animation and animated video commercial for aQuator 
                                                                                                                                                                               Vivo", "h2": "High-quality digital solutions for water ioniz
                                                                                                                                                                               er company Burbuliukas & Co The Client The Problem The Solut
                                                                                                                                                                               ion Value Added Final words Used Technologies Services", "al
                                                                                                                                                                               t": "", "li": "3D product visualizations allow to visualize 
                                                                                                                                                                               the company's products in an aesthetic and modern way; High-
                                                                                                                                                                               quality explainer animations have been used to present the d
                                                                                                                                                                               evice modernly, making it easier for customers to understand
                                                                                                                                                                                its operation and benefits; The animated commercial video e
                                                                                                                                                                               fficiently presents the device's operational processes and k
                                                                                                                                                                               ey benefits, attracting end-users; Blender;"}               

4775  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/the-sparrow-banquet   1        2025-03-24  "The Sparrow Banquet" Nursery Rhyme | Indeform                2025-03-23  15          {"title": "\"The Sparrow Banquet\" Nursery Rhyme | Indeform"
                                                                                                                                                                               , "h1": "The sparrow banquet", "h2": "A Joyful Animated Song
                                                                                                                                                                                About a Cheerful Sparrow Party", "alt": "the owl"}         

4776  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/the-sun-and-the-moon  1        2025-03-24  Animated Fairy Tale "The Sun and The Moon"                    2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Animated Fairy Tale \"The Sun and The Moon\"", "h
                                                                                                                                                                               1": "The sun and the moon", "h2": "A magical, animated story
                                                                                                                                                                                explains why the Sun shines during the day and the moon - d
                                                                                                                                                                               uring the night", "alt": "sun and moon"}                    

4777  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/tili-tili-duda        1        2025-03-24  "Tili Tili Duda" Fairy Tale | Indeform                        2025-03-23  15          {"title": "\"Tili Tili Duda\" Fairy Tale | Indeform", "h1": 
                                                                                                                                                                               "Tili tili duda", "h2": "An Enjoyable Animated Song for Kids
                                                                                                                                                                                About a Boy and His Fife", "alt": "boy and a fife"}        

4778  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/two-roosters          1        2025-03-24  "Two Roosters" Nursery Rhyme | Indeform                       2025-03-23  15          {"title": "\"Two Roosters\" Nursery Rhyme | Indeform", "h1":
                                                                                                                                                                                "Two roosters", "h2": "A beautiful and symbolical animated 
                                                                                                                                                                               nursery rhyme for kids which tells about how bread is made",
                                                                                                                                                                                "alt": "two roosters"}                                     

4779  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/hey-little-crow       1        2025-03-24  Nursery rhyme "Hey, Little Crow" | Indeform                   2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Nursery rhyme \"Hey, Little Crow\" | Indeform", "
                                                                                                                                                                               h1": "Hey, little crow", "h2": "Educational animated cartoon
                                                                                                                                                                                for a kids", "alt": "little crow"}                         

4780  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/i-had-a-rooster       1        2025-03-24  "I had a Rooster" Nursery Rhyme | Indeforn                    2025-03-23  15          {"title": "\"I had a Rooster\" Nursery Rhyme | Indeforn", "h
                                                                                                                                                                               1": "I had a rooster", "h2": "An educational animated nurser
                                                                                                                                                                               y rhyme for kids that helps to learn the sounds domestic ani
                                                                                                                                                                               mals make", "alt": "choo choo train"}                       

4781  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/the-sky-is-falling    1        2025-03-24  Animated fairy tale "The sky is falling" | Indeform           2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Animated fairy tale \"The sky is falling\" | Inde
                                                                                                                                                                               form", "h1": "The sky is falling", "h2": "An animated fairy 
                                                                                                                                                                               tale cartoon about a small kitten which thought that the sky
                                                                                                                                                                                was falling", "alt": "sky is falling"}                     

4782  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/tindi-rindi-riuska    1        2025-03-24  Animated fairy tale "Tindi Rindi Riuska" | Indeform           2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Animated fairy tale \"Tindi Rindi Riuska\" | Inde
                                                                                                                                                                               form", "h1": "Tindi rindi riuska", "h2": "A Fun and Enjoyabl
                                                                                                                                                                               e Adventure in the Forest", "alt": "tindi rindi riuska"}    

4783  https://www.indeformdigital.com/article/vilnius-castle-vfx    1        2025-03-24  Vilnius Castle VFX | Indeform                                 2025-03-23  15          {"title": "Vilnius Castle VFX | Indeform", "h1": "Vilnius ca
                                                                                                                                                                               stle VFX", "h2": "Reconstructed medieval Vilnius Castle buil
                                                                                                                                                                               t into real video footage The Client The Solution - Reconstr
                                                                                                                                                                               ucted Vilnius Castle VFX Conclusion", "alt": "reconstructed 
                                                                                                                                                                               vilnius castle"}                                            

4784  https://www.indeformdigital.com/insights/healthcare-medicine  1        2025-03-24                                                                2025-03-23  15          {"p": "Schematic medical visualizations of the heart and kid
      -visualisations                                                                                                                                                          neys for a scientific journal illustration Photo-realistic 3
                                                                                                                                                                               D teeth visualization "}                                    

4785  https://www.indeformdigital.com/insights/vfx                  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          

4786  https://www.indeformdigital.com/insights/video-movies-produc  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      tion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

4787  https://www.indeformdigital.com/insights/game-art             0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          

4788  https://www.indeformdigital.com/insights/products-visualisat  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      ions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

4789  https://www.indeformdigital.com/insights/architecture-visual  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      isations                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

4790  https://www.indeformdigital.com/insights/animation            0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          

4791  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/unique-interacti  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      ve-museum-exposition-museum-on-wheels                                                                                                                                                                                                

4792  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/interactive-educ  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      ational-game-for-the-gabriele-petkevicaite-bite-public-libra                                                                                                                                                                         
      ry                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

4793  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/interactive-whee  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      l-fortune-service-sinsay                                                                                                                                                                                                             

4794  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/interactive-mobi  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      le-app-with-augmented-reality                                                                                                                                                                                                        

4795  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/educational-game  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      -taurage-museum                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

4796  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/innovative-virtu  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      al-museum-tour-solution-knygnesiu-keliu                                                                                                                                                                                              

4797  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/muscle-beach-ven  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      ice                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

4798  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/rukki-product-in  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      stallation-explainer-video                                                                                                                                                                                                           

4799  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/interactive-virt  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      ual-host                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

4800  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/kaunas-castle-si  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      ege                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

4801  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/interactive-type  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      writer-and-interactive-radio-receiver-for-the-museum                                                                                                                                                                                 

4802  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/insights/interactive-mus  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      eums-exibitions                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

4803  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/insights/interactive-eve  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      nts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

4804  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/Attract-more-cus  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      tomers-using-interactive-3D-visualizations                                                                                                                                                                                           

4805  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/VR-AR-and-360-in  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      teractive-solutions-reshapes-tourism-landscape                                                                                                                                                                                       

4806  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/Innovative-metho  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      ds-to-engage-museum-visitors                                                                                                                                                                                                         

4807  https://www.indeforminteractive.com/article/11-ideas-to-make  0        2025-03-24                                                                            15          {}                                                          
      -exhibitions-interactive-for-museums                                                                                                                                                                                                 
